OPEC Thwarts Climate Aid for Poor Nations - WWF (Reuters) Reuters - OPEC nations and Saudi\Arabia in particular are standing in the way of getting\financial help to developing countries to cope with global\warming, the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) said on Thursday.	3
NASA spacecraft tracks global air pollution A NASA spacecraft has begun the first-ever daily tracking of how air pollution moves across the globe, a scientist at NASA #39;s Jet Propulsion Laboratory said on Wednesday.	3
Synnex's World Isn't Flat The company is moving along a dual track -- growth through acquisitions and organic efforts.	2
South Korean gymnast appealing judging error, Hamm hopes to hang &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (Athens, Greece-AP) Aug. 23, 2004 - It appears the Court of Arbitration for Sport might not hear South Korea #39;s appeal of the gymnastics gold medal.	1
Storm scuttles Sun Betty Lennox had another huge night, scoring 23 points to lead the Seattle Storm to their first WNBA title with a 74-60 victory over the Connecticut Sun last night.	1
Sunday Times: Ministers were this weekend embroiled in a stars for Labour row after they were told to use their contacts with the rich and famous to get them to back the party.	0
Crimson find the range PRINCETON, N.J. -- You've got to wonder what kind of team Harvard would be if the Crimson got into the flow of their games earlier.	1
NASA Tracks Three Space Bursts, Says Stellar Explosions Imminent Three powerful bursts of energy from different regions of space could presage spectacular explosions of huge stars, astronomers just announced.	3
Packers Lose Shootout with Colts It is well known that Brett Favre doesn #39;t have a good record in domes. But only looking at his performance at Indy on Sunday, one would think that the Packers would have won the game.	1
Virginia opens ACC vs. nemesis Clemson After bolting to a 4-0 record and its highest ranking in five years against opponents with a collective 7-13 record, Virginia begins its football season 	1
BlackRock Paying \$375 Million for State Street Research MetLife expects the transaction to have a positive impact to net income of between \$145 million and \$165 million. Shares of New York-based BlackRock, an investment management firm, rose \$1.	2
NL Wrap: Astros Take Lead in Wild Card Race  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Mark Loretta hit a bases-loaded  sacrifice fly in the bottom of the 10th to lift the San Diego  Padres a 4-3 win over the San Francisco Giants in National  League action on Wednesday.	1
Israeli Tourists Targeted in Deadly Egypt Bombings Description: NPR #39;s Noah Adams talks to NPR #39;s Julie McCarthy, reporting from Eilat, Israel on the Israeli-Egyptian border, about bombings at two Egyptian resorts Thursday evening.	0
Manmohan, Musharraf to address joint press conference: World News New York, Sep 24 : Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is to address a joint press conference with Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf after their meeting Friday, officials said.	0
Hutchison Whampoa Unit Expects To Raise Up to 1.13 Billion in IPO The price range for the shares is for institutional clients and excludes brokerage fees. It values Hutchison Telecom at between US\$3.	2
No return to past in Russia, Putin promises  quot;There will be no turnabout in the country #39;s life, quot; said Mr Putin, who has come under intense international criticism for strengthening his political control after a wave of terrorist attacks.	0
Selanne Enjoying Ice Time Again (AP) AP - Teemu Selanne's season with the Colorado Avalanche was nothing short of miserable.	1
Developing Giants Under Pressure on Climate Change (Reuters) Reuters - While developing\nations China, Brazil and India grow at break-neck pace with\their burgeoning industry and farming, industrialized countries\want them to clean up the dirty practices that have made them\some of the world's biggest polluters.	3
Pats' Branch to Miss Sixth Straight Game (AP) AP - New England Patriots wide receiver Deion Branch will miss his sixth straight game because of a knee injury.	1
NASA prepares BlackBerry backup With Florida facing the possibility of its third hurricane in a month, NASA is putting together a backup plan for its message system based on Research in Motion Ltd.	3
Bid-rigging scandal envelops top insurance broker in US New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer filed a civil suit on October 14 against the worlds largest insurance broker, Marsh  amp; McLennan, charging the US firm with bid-rigging and other practices 	2
AT amp;T Wireless Goes With Ogo AT amp;T Wireless #39; messaging device and service was unveiled, targeting teens and young adults who are heavy users of instant messaging (IM).	2
RELATED COLUMNISTS NEWS Yesterday #39;s first round of the \$5 million Deutsche Bank Championship was all the evidence anyone could possibly need to keep this tournament right where it is, at TPC of Boston.	1
Weak Jobs Growth Drags Down Dollar  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar fell to a one-month low  against the yen and held near a recent one-week low versus the  euro on Monday after weak U.S. jobs data raised questions about  future interest rate hikes in the United States.	2
Asian stocks trade lower amid growing worries over higher oil &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SINGAPORE : Asian share prices opened on a soft note on Monday as blue chips came under selling pressure amid growing worries over higher oil prices.	2
Top McAfee exec to step down Stephen Richards will retire from his positions as chief operating officer and chief financial officer.	3
FCC Adds 6 Months to Local Phone Line Rules The Federal Communications Commission yesterday released a set of stop-gap rules governing local phone competition that requires regional telephone companies to continue leasing their lines to rivals at discounted rates for six months. 	2
Baseball-Pierre Hits, Burnett Pitches Marlins to Easy Win Juan Pierre had three hits and AJ Burnett pitched eight solid innings as the Florida Marlins salvaged a split of their key four-game series against the Chicago Cubs with an 11-1 win in the series finale in National League play Sunday.	1
Pakistani militants, Al Qaeda seen forging new deadly alliance ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- Disguised in military-style uniforms, Pakistani extremists waited in a stolen van in the port city of Karachi near a bridge frequented by military officials, and then opened up with machine guns on the motorcade of a high-ranking general.	0
Apple Remote Desktop 2 Reviewing Apple Remote Desktop 2 in Computerworld, Yuval Kossovsky writes,  #147;I liked what I found. #148; He concludes,  #147;I am happy to say that ARD 2 is an excellent upgrade and well worth the money. #148; Aug 19	3
Grading the Jets Ineffective in the second half after a very good first half. Jerald Sowell, Kareem McKenzie, Pete Kendall and Kevin Mawae stood out in run-blocking, with Sowell, Kendall and Mawae doing a good job on linebacker Ray Lewis in the first half.	1
Texting teens use SMS for help Talking to youngsters in the language of text could increase their access to services.	3
Diplomatic Shuffle Begins to Kickstart NKorea Talks  BEIJING (Reuters) - China will try to nudge North Korea to  resume stalled talks on ending its nuclear programs when  Pyongyang's No. 2 leader visits on Monday, but economic issues  will also be high on the agenda.	0
Can Laser Printers Fight Crime? Emerging technology uses a printer's fingerprint to trace and verify documents.	3
Merck shares plunge almost nine per cent after report it had Vioxx &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Shares of Merck and Co. plunged almost nine per cent Monday after a media report said that documents show the pharmaceutical giant hid or denied evidence for years that its blockbuster 	2
AL Wrap: Wakefield Three-Hitter Helps Red Sox Tame Tigers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tim Wakefield tossed a three-hitter  over eight innings to inspire the Boston Red Sox to their sixth  straight victory, a 6-1 defeat of the Detroit Tigers in the  American League Sunday.	1
Uncertain Landscape For Copyright Protection An otherwise routine power shift on the Senate Judiciary Committee could have far-reaching implications for high-tech firms, movie studios, record companies and the future of downloading. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;	3
Sharon Says Palestinian Leaders Must Halt Militants The Israeli prime minister Ariel said peace talks depend on whether militants are reined in.	0
ICANN domain transfer policy takes effect NOVEMBER 12, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - A new transfer policy for inter-registrar domain names went into effect today, according to the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN).	3
Stubblefield Breaks NCAA Receptions Mark (AP) AP - Purdue's Taylor Stubblefield broke the NCAA record for career receptions during the first quarter Saturday against Indiana. Stubblefield entered the game needing six receptions to pass Louisville's Arnold Jackson for the career record. Jackson caught 300 passes from 1997-00.	1
Red Hat names new CFO Six weeks after it changed the way it books support subscription revenue, Linux vendor Red Hat Inc. has named Charles E. Peters Jr. as its new CFO.	3
Cricket: West Indies Defeats South Africa to Reach ICC Champions &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The West Indies has defeated South Africa by five wickets to reach the semifinals of the ICC Champions cricket Trophy in London. Ramnaresh Sarwan hit a well-paced 75 on Sunday to lead the West Indies.	1
Ex-PeopleSoft chief #39;s lie contributed to his downfall Former PeopleSoft chief executive Craig Conway has admitted that he lied to Wall Street analysts about the health of the business during his defence against the hostile bid from rival Oracle.	2
THATCHER TRIAL POSTPONED A court in South Africa has postponed until next April the trial of Mark Thatcher on charges he helped fund a coup attempt in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea.	0
Oil hits new record on fresh Iraq threat LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices have surged to a new high of \$47 a barrel after a new threat by rebel militia against Iraqi oil facilities, and as the United States says inflation has stayed in check despite rising energy costs. 	2
Recording Industry Sues 762 for Net Music Swaps (Reuters) Reuters - A recording-industry trade group\said on Thursday it had filed a new round of lawsuits against\762 people it suspects of distributing its songs for free over\Internet ""peer to peer"" networks like Kazaa and eDonkey.	3
Hard-Line Serbian Defends Milosevic Slobodan Milosevic angrily refused to work with two court-appointed lawyers Tuesday as they called the first witness in his war crimes defense case - an elderly Serbian nationalist who taught the ex-Yugoslav leader law and advised the wartime Serbian 	0
Martin Short Film Closes Toronto Festival TORONTO - There could hardly be a more appropriate movie to close the Toronto International Film Festival Saturday night than Martin Short's ""Jiminy Glick in Lalawood.""   Shot at the festival in 2002 with a bevy of star cameos, the schmoozefest satire plops the obese and obnoxious celebrity interviewer Jiminy Glick (Short in a fat-suit) into a murder-mystery. It's like ""The Player"" on laughing gas...	0
Avici Sees Revenue Shortfall, Shares Drop  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Avici Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AVCI.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;AVCI.O&lt;/A&gt;, which  makes equipment that directs traffic over the Internet, on  Monday slashed its revenue outlook for the current quarter  because customers have delayed network expansions, and its  shares lost nearly a third of their value.	2
Ukrainians' Medal Stripped The Ukrainian four-woman rowing team is stripped of its bronze medal Thursday after one member tests positive for a banned drug.	1
Cards Top Pirates 5-3 to Sweep Twinbill (AP) AP - Scott Rolen became the third St. Louis player to hit 30 homers this season and Chris Carpenter set a career best with his 13th win, leading the Cardinals over the Pittsburgh Pirates 5-3 Friday night to complete a day-night doubleheader sweep.	1
Kobe Nets 31, Lakers Sting Hornets 106-98 (AP) AP - The Los Angeles Lakers gave new Hornets coach Byron Scott every reason to wish he was still a part of Showtime.	1
CLARKE RESUMES REPAIR JOB There was a lot of damage to be repaired, but Darren Clarke did as good a job as he could reasonably have been expected to when he resumed the Volvo Masters at Valderrama today.	1
German government cuts Deutsche Telekom stake German state banking group KfW is selling up to 4 billion euros (2.8 billion pounds) worth of shares in Deutsche Telekom, continuing the privatisation of the German phone operator.	2
Investors Cutting the Edge of CNET (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - CNET Networks (Nasdaq: CNET - News) has built a brand in the geeky world of tech products. Of course, with the drop in tech spending, CNET needed to make a transition. So the company is focusing more on the ""digital lifestyle."" Just look at cultural movements such as Apple's (Nasdaq: AAPL - News) iPod. Yes, tech can be cool and hip.	3
Growth in developing countries strongest in three decades: World &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The developing countries will enjoy the strongest economic growth in three decades this year and should continue to enjoy solid expansion in 2005 and 2006, the World Bank predicted on Tuesday.	2
Defense removing push to seal Bryant case evidence Kobe Bryant #39;s attorneys abruptly dropped a bid to seal evidence in the NBA star #39;s rape case Monday, saying the details will be leaked anyway and releasing all the documents would reveal 	1
Spam-Busting Plan Can't Buy a Pal Microsoft's antispam Sender ID technology continues to get the cold shoulder. Now AOL adds its voice to a growing chorus of businesses and organizations shunning the proprietary e-mail authentication system.	3
Report: Fast-Internet Use Doubles in U.S. (AP) AP - The number of Americans using fast Internet connections doubled from 2001 through late 2003, still below some expectations and especially low among minority groups and people in rural areas, according to a report by the Bush administration.	3
Chapter 11 trustee appointed for AmeriDebt A federal bankruptcy judge appointed a Chapter 11 trustee Wednesday for AmeriDebt, the credit-counseling company that now faces a \$15 million claim from the Internal Revenue Service over its disputed status as a nonprofit.	2
PeopleSoft Sees Revenue Above Estimates (Reuters) Reuters - PeopleSoft Inc.  on Monday\forecast third-quarter revenue would exceed Wall Street\expectations, helped by an increase in customers making larger\orders for its business software.	3
New IPC Athletes #39; Committee members announced The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) announced here on Monday the list of the newly-elected Athletes #39; Committee. An IPC official at once claimed it a balanced unit and 	1
Colombia judges order arrests, but whereabouts of trio linked to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A court on Thursday convicted three IRA-linked men of training Colombian rebels in terrorist tactics and sentenced them to up to 17 1/2 years in prison.	0
Keep playing while you're charging Popping a gadget into a cradle to recharge it used to mean downtime, but these days chargers are doing double duty, keeping your portable devices playing even when they're charging.	2
Indonesian Embassy Bomb Wounds at Least 9 A package filled with explosives blew up outside the Indonesian Embassy in Paris on Friday, slightly wounding nine people in the first terror attack in the French capital in years. The motive was not clear.	0
Mind those IMs--your cubicle's walls have eyes As more firms install software to keep tabs on workers, start-ups and heavy hitters alike spy an opportunity in surveillance products.	3
Europeans dominate Friday matches at Ryder Cup What started with the debut of a  quot;dream team quot; turned into a nightmare of a Friday for the United States at the 35th Ryder Cup Matches.	1
Chief Justice Rehnquist Has Thyroid Cancer (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice\William Rehnquist has been hospitalized with thyroid cancer,\the court said Monday.	0
Tennessee Offense Gets Push Behind Line (AP) AP - Phillip Fulmer kept his cool when starting center Jason Respert drove off in the coach's golf cart at practice.	1
Premier Yu makes rare stopover in Japan Premier Yu Shyi-kun yesterday made a rare stopover on Japanese soil, thanks to Typhoon Aere, prompting  quot;grave concern quot; from China over the unexpected trip #39;s diplomatic overtones.	0
Omnicare makes another play for NeighborCare Covington-based Omnicare said Wednesday that it has extended its tender offer (a takeover bid publicly inviting shareholders to sell their stock) for all outstanding shares of NeighborCare through Sept.	2
Russian Move Clears Way to Bring Kyoto Into Force (Reuters) Reuters - The Russian government approved the\Kyoto Protocol on Thursday, giving decisive support to the\long-delayed climate change treaty that should allow it to come\into force worldwide.	3
LEBANON NAILS ITS AL QAEDA RINGLEADER September 23, 2004 -- BEIRUT, Lebanon - The Lebanese government announced the arrest of the country #39;s top al Qaeda operative, and said yesterday he and another Lebanese suspect plotted homicide attacks on Western embassies and recruited insurgents to 	0
NASCAR fans prepare for new homestretch Well, it may not be a typical playoff format, but NASCAR Nextel Cup #39;s 10-race championship chase officially begins today. The Sylvania 300 at New Hampshire International Speedway is the first 	1
AP: Colombia Troops Being Sought for Iraq (AP) AP - Recruiters working for U.S. contractors are hiring former Colombian soldiers  #151; and luring away active-duty ones  #151; for security jobs in Iraq, according to a former army officer who met with the recruiters.	0
UN staff in uproar over top leadership The UN staff union met yesterday to discuss a no-confidence measure against senior management of the world body, which has been rocked by a series of scandals involving top officials.	0
Gore and Kerry Unite in Search for Black Votes As polls suggest gains for President Bush among black voters, Democrats are trying to solidify their bloc.	0
Legal questions dog Microsoft antispyware buy With the ink barely dry on Microsoft's acquisition of antispyware company Giant Company Software questions have arisen about the ownership of the antispyware code Microsoft bought.	3
Cyber-Security Group Pushes 12-Point Plan On White House A policy and advocacy group called on the Bush administration Tuesday to put more muscle behind cyber-security, and urged the White House to act on a dozen proposals and recommendations to protect the country #39;s technology infrastructure.	3
Soledad O'Brien Gives Birth to Twin Boys NEW YORK - Soledad O'Brien's American mornings will be getting a lot more bleary-eyed. The CNN anchor, co-host of ""American Morning"" with Bill Hemmer, gave birth to twin boys Monday...	0
Thrilling Relay Win Gets Phelps Third Gold ATHENS, Greece - Now this was a duel in the pool. With Michael Phelps leading off Tuesday night, the United States bested its rival from Down Under in the most thrilling race of the Athens Games...	0
UTStarCom to put cell networks on IP Network infrastructure maker UTStarCom Inc. says it has figured out a way to keep local cell phone calls local -- even over enterprise LANs.	3
Gnome Debuts 2.8 Desktop Sep. 15, 2004. Less than a month after its rival KDE rolled out its newest open-source desktop, the Gnome Project Wednesday debuted out Gnome 2.8, the latest iteration of its graphical interfaces for Linux.	3
Top Fannie Mae Execs to Face Congress WASHINGTON Sept. 30, 2004 - Top executives of Fannie Mae are being called before Congress to explain an accounting lapse as lawmakers delve into operations of the mortgage giant that is already under investigation by federal regulators.	2
Sun seeks data persistence model for Java Sun Microsystems is looking to make life easier for Java developers by seeking a common ground on a data persistence model.	3
British troops in Iraq begin redeployment BAGHDAD -- British troops and armory rolled north from Basra yesterday to take over a deadly area near Baghdad and free up US troops for an expected attack on the rebel-held city of Fallujah.	0
Colombian golfer leads US Amateur qualifying MAMARONECK, NY (AP)  Oscar Alvarez of Colombia shot a 3-under-par 67 for the first-round lead at the US Amateur on Monday. Alvarez, a junior at BYU, had five birdies and two bogeys on the 6,775-yard East course at Winged Foot Golf Club, and was the ...	1
Europe Ryder squad settled NORD EICHENRIED, GERMANY -- Miguel Angel Jimenez of Spain won his fourth title on the European Tour this season, making three birdies in a four-hole stretch on the back nine to pull away for a two-stroke victory at the BMW International Open.	1
Hamilton fails doping test Olympic cycling champion Tyler Hamilton, whose name has become synonymous with resilience and grit, could lose his gold medal and be banned for two years after blood tests showed evidence of banned transfusions.	1
FIs set to discuss RIL board representation MUMBAI, NOVEMBER 28: Admitting that the Reliance boardroom feud involving the Ambani brothers was totally unexpected and had caught them off-guard, domestic financial institutions (FIs) are now expected to discuss the crucial issue of 	2
Galley doesn't expect a sympathetic reaction Back in the fall of 1994, National Hockey League training camps opened on time, only to close down when the owners and the Players Association failed to reach a collective bargaining agreement. Ultimately, the season was shortened to 48 games. Back then, there was a different kind of unease, as well as a lack of experience with -- and preparedness ...	1
Shares Hit by Earnings, Dollar Falls  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares fell on poor earnings  news on Friday as investors looked past China's surprise rate  hike to key U.S. Q3 gross domestic product data for the next  read on the health of the world's largest economy.	2
Beijing to learn from experiences from Olympic host cities The Athens Olympic Games debriefing has opened in Beijing, with future Olympic hosts and five bidding cities for the 2012 Games participating.	1
Seattle Post-Intelligencer A rectangular box, embedded in a preview version of MSN Messenger 7.0, is a search field. Users will be able to launch Internet searches from that field, automatically opening a Web browser to display results on an Internet search site.	3
J J: Cancer Risk in Arthritis Drug  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Johnson   Johnson will send a letter  to doctors next Monday warning them that patients taking its  rheumatoid arthritis drug Remicade may have a higher risk of  lymphoma, a blood cancer, than those not taking the drug, the  company said on Friday.	2
Oil Giveth, Oil Taketh Away With the stock market looking to start a fourth week of gains, another drop in oil prices gave aid to some stocks Monday but pulled the rug out from under others.	2
Liberty Hires Coyle The New York Liberty bring former interim coach Pat Coyle on as their head coach on Wednesday.	1
Insurance officials propose new brokerage disclosure rules State insurance commissioners from across the country have proposed new rules governing insurance brokerage fees, winning praise from an industry group and criticism from 	2
American League Game Summary - Anaheim at Texas Arlington, TX (Sports Network) - Adrian Gonzalez stroked two hits and knocked in three runs, Chris Young pitched six strong innings for the win, and the Texas Rangers salvaged a four-game set with a 6-3 victory over Anaheim one night after being 	1
Lycos Europe #39;s antispam tool no longer available After days of negative publicity and criticism, Lycos Europe #39;s  quot;Make love not spam quot; screensaver application is no longer available.	3
DreamWorks postpones  #39;Shrek 3 #39; SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- DreamWorks Animation SKG said after the bell Wednesday that it has decided to postpone the release of  quot;Shrek 3 quot; to May 2007 from the original target date of November 2006.	2
Pacers Scared, Shocked by Detroit Fans (AP) AP - The Indiana Pacers were frightened when spectators began hurling chairs, drinks, and ice at them in one of the most violent exchanges between players and fans in U.S. sports history.	1
Slippery eel that #39;s feeding on economy The Government Accountability Office (what you and I remember as the General Accounting Office) last week issued a long-awaited report (which was supposed to be out last spring) on the nettlesome issue of offshoring/outsourcing.	3
CA, DOJ Reach Settlement Embattled management software vendor Computer Associates (Quote, Chart) has struck a deal with the US Department of Justice (DOJ) to avoid a court appearance over its accounting problems, reports indicated Wednesday morning.	2
EU to begin peacekeeping mission in Bosnia The European Union is beginning its biggest ever military operation when it takes over peacekeeping duties in Bosnia from NATO. Some 7,000 soldiers from more than 30 countries, including non-EU states Canada 	0
Consumer Spending Flat, Jobless Claims Up WASHINGTON Sept. 30, 2004 - Consumers were tightfisted with their money amid soaring gasoline costs in August and hurricane-related disruptions sent applications for jobless benefits to their highest level in seven months.	2
Aides on Way to See Arafat Despite Wife's Fury  PARIS (Reuters) - Palestinian leaders headed to Paris on  Monday to see critically ill President Yasser Arafat at a  French military hospital, despite a scathing attack by his wife  who accused them of plotting to ""bury him alive.""	0
Hall upset over snub ATHENS  Gary Hall Jr. resurfaced for the first time since being left off the medal race in the 4x100-meter sprint relay last weekend, and as expected, he had an opinion. 	1
Hoddle to Join West Brom This Week, Papers Say: Soccer Roundup Glenn Hoddle will this week succeed Gary Megson as manager of West Bromwich Albion, the Sun and Daily Mirror reported. Hoddle, who was fired by Tottenham in September 2003, will take 	1
Legoland park may be on the block CARLSBAD ---- Legoland California, the North County amusement park based on children #39;s building blocks, and its three sister theme parks in Europe could be sold or transferred out of the Lego company, according to a statement from Legoland officials.	2
Transactions BASEBALL New York (NL): Named Rick Down hitting coach and Tom Nieto catching instructor. BASKETBALL Boston (NBA): Activated G Delonte West from the injured list; placed F Justin Reed on the injured list. Philadelphia (NBA): Activated G Aaron McKie from the inujred list; placed G Kevin Ollie on the injured list.	1
Ichiro Closes on Sisler's Hit Record (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Ichiro Suzuki\is poised to break one of the oldest records in major league\baseball.	1
4 Million Without Power As Frances Strikes STUART, Fla. - Hurricane Frances pounded Florida with high wind and heavy rain Sunday after it smashed across the state's east coast, knocking out power to 4 million people and forcing residents to withstand a prolonged lashing that shredded roofs and uprooted trees...	0
Putin says Russian oil companies are increasing production Russian President Vladimir Putin told President Bush on Monday that Russian oil companies are increasing oil production and exports and will continue to do so, the White House said.	2
Baghdad deputy governor shot dead Hatim Kamil was assassinated in a drive-by shooting, said Baghdad Governor Ali al-Haidari. Interior Ministry spokesman Colonel Adnan Abdul-Rahman said Mr Kamil was killed when gunmen opened fire on his car in the southern Doura neighbourhood.	0
Fujitsu and Cisco Form Strategic Alliance Fujitsu Limited and Cisco Systems announced a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches for the Japanese markets. Specifically, the companies agreed to jointly develop high-end routers and will collaborate 	3
Ivan, Remnants Blamed for 45 U.S. Deaths WHEELING, W.Va. - Remnants of Hurricane Ivan made a violent mark across the Southeast and the Appalachians, where several people were killed by falling trees and floods that washed away scores of roads...	0
Grass study adds to worry on genes NEW YORK A new study shows that genes from genetically engineered grass can spread much farther than previously known, a finding that raises questions about the straying of other plants altered through biotechnology.	2
Update 1: New Crop of Portable Players Nips at iPod Lauren, 11, saunters nonchalantly past a Discovery Channel store and a Gymboree clothing store at the mall. Then suddenly, the girl #39;s eyes light up and she pulls her mother into an Apple Computer Inc.	3
Microsoft and Sun plan Webcast to detail cooperation Those wondering what this year's surprise cooperation deal between Microsoftand Sun Microsystems will actually produce should get an update in coming weeks, when the companies detail some of their interoperability work in areas like Web services, directory services, and security.	3
BUCKS: Shaq #39;s powers Heat to victory MILWAUKEE - If anyone questions Shaquille O #39;Neal #39;s position as the most dominant player in the NBA, just check the opinion of those at the Bradley Center Wednesday night.	1
FCC Considers Cell Phone Use On Airplanes Air travelers moved one step closer to being able to talk on cell phones and surf the Internet from  laptops while in flight, thanks to votes by the Federal Communications Commission yesterday.	3
Stocks mixed, tech sector gets minor boost as oil prices near &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Stock markets were mainly lower Thursday afternoon as oil prices inched toward record levels and investors dealt with lacklustre economic data.	2
Dream Team Pulls Away to Beat Spain 102-94 (AP) AP - The U.S. men's basketball team atoned for two preliminary-round losses with a big victory Thursday. The Americans wore down previously unbeaten Spain over the final minutes, pulling away for a 102-94 victory to advance to the semifinals.	1
Nikkei Edges Down by Close  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average started a  holiday-shortened week slightly down on Tuesday, falling for a  fourth straight session as brokers and banks fell again on  recent domestic data showing signs of a slowdown in some key  areas.	2
Leading economic indicators slow again in September OTTAWA - An indicator that gives an early look at Canada #39;s economic situation showed more signs of slowing in September, Statistics Canada said Wednesday.	2
Zimbabwe moves to restrict NGOs Zimbabwe's government unveils a bill which would ban many human rights groups and charities.	0
SBC, Microsoft in \$400 Million Deal SBC Communications Inc., the second-largest local phone company in the United States, said Wednesday it signed a 10-year, \$400 million agreement with Microsoft Corp. to provide next-generation television services using Microsoft's TV Internet protocol television edition software platform.	3
The Fewest Shares You Can Buy Did you know you can buy just one share of stock -- or even less -- at a time?	2
China #39;s central bank raises interest rate The People #39;s Bank of China, China #39;s central bank, announced yesterday that it would raise both lending and deposit interest rates 0.27 percentage point as of today.	2
Workers suspect in bomb scare WORKERS at Sydney airport have emerged as the prime suspects for the planting of a suspicious package in the cargo bay of a Virgin Blue 737 aircraft on Monday.	0
Winter Weather Outlook Mixed, El Nino Looms (Reuters) Reuters - Winter will be warmer than normal in\the U.S. Western and Plains states and colder than usual in the\Southeast and mid-Atlantic regions, but the return of El Nino\is making it hard for forecasters to hazard a guess for much of\the country, meteorologists said on Wednesday.	3
Microsoft Doubles Delay Period for XP SP2 Tool Microsoft this week updated an administrative tool for delaying Automatic Update and Windows Update rollouts of Windows XP Service Pack 2 from four months to eight months.	3
Ex-general set for landslide victory Ex-general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is on course for a landslide victory over incumbent Megawati Sukarnoputri after Indonesia #39;s presidential election yesterday, according to an early forecast.	0
Mexico Churches Wage High-Tech War on Cell Phones (Reuters) Reuters - Some Mexican churches are\using state-of-the-art technology developed by Israeli\electronic warfare experts to silence cell phones that ring\during mass, church officials said on Tuesday.	3
PeopleSoft down on testimony, forecast com October 4, 2004, 5:39 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.	2
Fed Raises Interest Rate to 2.25 Percent The Federal Reserve pushed US interest rates up by a modest quarter-percentage point on Tuesday and expressed confidence that inflation could be kept at bay by slowly lifting credit costs from rock-bottom levels.	2
Flying start for Raikkonen McLaren ace the fastest in practice SPA-FRANCORCHAMPS (Belgium): McLaren #39;s Kimi Raikkonen and BAR-Honda #39;s Jenson Button upstaged Michael Schumacher in yesterdays practice for the Belgian Grand Prix.	1
First Look: Polaroid's Snazzy Photo Printer (PC World) PC World - Thermal printer produces great-looking snapshots, but they don't come\  cheap.	3
Agere Posts Loss on Revenue Drop, Charges  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Agere Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AGRa.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;AGRa.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  posted a fiscal fourth-quarter loss as the communications chip  maker's revenue declined and it took hefty charges for  restructuring.	2
Former Amateur Golf Star Dies at 78 (AP) AP - Harvie Ward, a two-time U.S. Amateur champion and a top teaching pro whose clients included the late Payne Stewart, has died after a long illness.	1
Priest brings Chiefs some salvation Kansas City held on to the ball and controlled the clock to outlast the Baltimore Ravens 27-24 and win their first game of the season.	1
AirTran, Southwest seek Midway gates AirTran and Southwest emerged Thursday as the leading airline bidders for valuable gates at Chicago #39;s Midway Airport, where troubled discounter ATA is selling assets for cash.	2
ICANN domain transfer policy takes effect The new transfer policy for inter-registrar domain names went into effect on Friday, the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) said.	3
Thieves asked to save The Scream The head of Oslo's Munch museum appeals to thieves who stole The Scream not to destroy it.	0
Ask Jeeves bets on smart search Ask Jeeves overhauls its website, results system and mascot, as search becomes increasingly competitive.	3
Holiday Tech Buying Guide Fast Forward columnist Rob Pegoraro will be online to host his second discussion on The Washington Post's holiday tech buying guide and answer your personal tech questions.	3
Funk shakes off slow start Fred Funk needed a late rally yesterday on a sticky, steamy day to take a one-stroke lead into the final round of the Buick Championship.	1
Google IPO Set to Trade this Week On Monday, Google requested final approval from federal regulators to begin trading their stock. Google has asked that the SEC declare its registration statement effective as of 1 pm pacific time today. Google ...	2
VW likely to cut 30,000 jobs if negotiations fail Volkswagen AG, Europe #39;s biggest carmaker, may cut 30,000 jobs, or almost a fifth of its German workforce, if the labour union representing workers does not agree to a wage 	2
Unions Threaten to Extend Nigeria Strike ABUJA, Nigeria - Nigerian unions threatened to extend their nationwide general strike, which entered its third day on Wednesday, increasing concerns about production in Africa #39;s biggest oil-exporting nation.	0
Broadcom Unveils New Multicore Chip NEW YORK - Communications chipmaker Broadcom today will announce a chip that combines four cores--the central brain of a chip--onto a single piece of silicon.	3
Harry hurries home after kidnap scare Prince Harry, the younger son of Britain #39;s Prince Charles, returned home yesterday from a private stay in Argentina amid reports that he had cut his stay short after shots were fired not far from his lodgings.	0
Australia Govt Accused of Politicizing U.S. Trial  CANBERRA (Reuters) - Australia's opposition Labor accused  the conservative government on Monday of politicizing the  military trial of an Australian al Qaeda suspect, detained at a  U.S. naval base in Cuba.	0
Sony, Matsushita to launch Blu-ray Disc camcorders in 2005: report Sony, Matsushita and other firms are planning to launch camcorders using next-generation, smaller DVDs in the Blu-ray format as early as 2005 to win a lead over a rival offering, a report said Thursday.	3
Yukos executives 'flee' Russia All the top executives at Russian oil giant Yukos have fled the country in fear of arrest as the government seeks to sell off its main asset.	2
ASEAN officials prep for economic accord VIENTIANE - Senior officials of the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations made final preparations on Thursday for ASEAN leaders to sign at their summit here next Monday an agreement on accelerating economic integration in the region.	0
Sierra Leone nabs S Korean boats The Sierra Leone navy seizes six South Korean trawlers after catching them fishing in their waters.	0
EBay Home Building From air filters and appliances to sinks and shingles, one could conceivably build an entire house using supplies and tools bought at eBay.	2
Citigroup CEO rules out takeovers  #39;We #39;re not a deal-focused company, #39; Prince tells newspaper; adds bank must focus on ethics. NEW YORK (Reuters) - The chief executive of Citigroup Inc.	2
Bahraini Activist's Jailing Sparks Protest (AP) AP - Supporters of a Bahraini human rights worker scuffled with police and shouted slogans against the prime minister outside the court Wednesday as a judge denied bail to the activist, who is being prosecuted after criticizing the Gulf nation's leadership.	0
Lions place Walker on IR; release six players Allen Park, MI (Sports Network) - The Detroit Lions placed starting strong safety Brian Walker on injured reserve and released six players Sunday to get down to the NFL #39;s roster limit of 53 players.	1
49ers Insider Jets running back Curtis Martin, who amassed 111 rushing yards on 25 carries. Martin also found the end zone twice, scoring on plays of 1 and 9 yards.	1
Report urges hazmat inspection improvement WASHINGTON -- The government needs to do a better job monitoring and inspecting hazardous materials shipped aboard airlines, according to a report released Friday by the Transportation Department #39;s inspector general.	3
Davis blow for Panthers Carolina running back Stephen Davis will be out of action for several weeks after undergoing arthroscopic surgery. The Panthers are already without injured receiver Steve Smith for at least two months.	1
Caller ID Spoofing Service Debuts Star38 #39;s service disguises who is making the call but will only be sold to collection agencies, private investigators, and law-enforcement personnel.	3
al-Qaida Hunt Achieved Limited Success (AP) AP - The two suspected masterminds of the Istanbul suicide bombings are at large a year after the blasts in a scenario that's being played out around the world: police quickly make arrests, but often struggle for years to catch the organizers of terror attacks.	0
Arrests at English Soccer Matches Fell 10 Per Cent Last Season The number of arrests at English soccer matches last season dropped 10 percent, highlighting the success of action to tackle football hooliganism, #39; #39; the UK government #39;s Home Office said in a statement.	1
Soccer Loss Turns Ugly Greek and Albanian soccer fans fought across Greece as Athens police fired tear gas to disperse crowds following a loss by European champion Greece in a World Cup qualifier.	1
ELI EASES INTO ROLE AS SAVIOR November 19, 2004 -- ELI MANNING is The Prince summoned to make the Giants kings of the NFL again, and New York hasn #39;t hyperventilated over a quarterback like this since Joe Namath rode into town on his white horse and white shoes 40 years ago.	1
Jags QB Leftwich to Miss Two Games (AP) AP - Even though Byron Leftwich's throwing arm is getting quite a workout, it probably won't help the Jacksonville Jaguars the next two weeks.	1
Cyclist Hamilton allowed to keep gold medal In a major setback for drug testers, American cyclist Tyler Hamilton will not lose his Olympic gold medal after an error in the handling of his specimen.	1
Hurricane Jeanne Slams Into Florida's East Coast (Reuters) Reuters - Hurricane Jeanne slammed into\Florida with 115 mph winds and blinding rain on Saturday,\punching a coastal region still scarred from Hurricane Frances\three weeks ago.	0
It's Boulware to the rescue SEATTLE -- Rookie safety Michael Boulware saved the game for the Seattle Seahawks. Maybe the season, too.	1
Noranda opens takeover field to other suitors VANCOUVER, British &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Noranda Inc. said on Tuesday it is reopening the field to other bidders, or may go it alone, after failing to seal a multibillion-dollar takeover by China Minmetals during seven weeks of exclusive talks.	2
Dell extends lead in PCs com October 18, 2004, 4:57 PM PT. ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.	2
Cubs Agree to Terms with Garciaparra  CHICAGO (Sports Network) - The Chicago Cubs Tuesday agreed  to a contract with shortstop Nomar Garciaparra. As per team  policy, financial terms of the deal were not disclosed.	1
19 killed in Iraq violence FALLUJAH: Nineteen people were killed in new clashes in Iraq as the US military continued its operations against militants loyal to guerilla chief Abu Musab Al Zarqawi.	0
Israeli Arab team enter big league An Israeli football team which includes both Arab and Jewish players is to kick off its first big international match on Thursday evening in the UEFA cup.	1
A Trail of 'Major Failures' Leads to Defense Secretary's Office In tracing responsibility for the abuses at Abu Ghraib prison, a panel drew a line that extended to Donald H. Rumsfeld.	0
Brazil says nuclear deal reached UN nuclear inspectors abandon demands for unlimited access to Brazilian facilities, the country says.	0
Death of Rare Bird Leaves Future Uncertain One of the rarest birds on Earth came closer to being wiped out - if not already extinct - with the death of one of the last three believed to exist, officials said.	3
SAP acquires U.S., Swiss units of SAP SI SAP AG has agreed to acquire the Swiss and U.S. business units of SAP Systems Integration AG (SAP SI), bringing its absorption of the company nearer to completion.	3
UPDATE 2-Marshall lifts Kiwis to emotional win Hamish Marshall scored an unbeaten 50 to lead New Zealand to an emotional four-wicket win over Australia with two balls to spare in the first match of the inaugural Chappell-Hadlee one-day series on Sunday.	1
Canadian MPs urge legal action over Barrow subs CANADIAN prime minister Paul Martin and top navy chiefs are backing Barrow shipyard after pressure mounted for Britain to be sued over the submarine tragedy.	0
US Treasuries Fall as Manufacturing Likely Gained This Month US 10-year Treasury notes fell in Asia as an index of manufacturing probably rose from last month, giving further evidence the economy is expanding.	2
Chechens Blamed In Russian Siege Russia #39;s foreign minister said Friday that Chechen rebel warlord Shamil Basayev directed the hostage-taking raid on a school in southern Russia last week and that Arab militants participated in the attack.	0
Shell Pleases City with Anglo-Dutch Merger Oil giant Shell swept aside nearly 100 years of history today when it unveiled plans to merge its UK and Dutch parent companies. Shell said scrapping its twin-board structure 	2
Music player market on a high Analysts at IDC say the market could grow from the 12.5 million units shipped last year, predicting a compound growth rate of 20 per cent each year.	3
Juventus to ignore floored opponents Juventus coach Fabio Capello says his team will no longer kick the ball out of play when an opponent is lying on the floor. Capello said opposition teams are now taking advantage of the widespread practice.	1
Red Hat Rebound Good growth plus an unappreciative investing public finally make Red Hat's stock look cheap.	2
Germany Expands Same-Sex Couples' Rights (AP) AP - German lawmakers expanded the rights of same-sex couples Friday, allowing registered domestic partners to adopt each other's children and making rules on splitting up and alimony similar to those for heterosexual marriages.	0
Bilonog Edges Nelson With Last Put as Shot Returns to Olympia Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Yuriy Bilonog won the gold medal in the men #39;s shot put at Olympia, the home of the ancient Games, by virtue of his second-best effort after his last throw matched the leading mark set by US athlete Adam Nelson. 	1
Govt aims to raise FDI to GDP ratio to 22 in 3 years ISLAMABAD: Waseem Haqqie, chairman Board of Investment (BoI) said Wednesday that the government aims to enhance the ratio of foreign direct investment (FDI) to GDP from 18 percent to 22 percent in the next three years.	2
New World Conservation Boss Eyes Climate, Oceans (Reuters) Reuters - The newly elected president of the\World Conservation Union (IUCN) said Wednesday that global\warming and the lack of protected marine zones were key\challenges that needed to be hoisted high on the green agenda.	3
Soccer: Youth brings energy to a night drained of meaning On Tuesday, Cesc Fabregas, a 17-year-old Spaniard, scored a flamboyant goal and ran the midfield so well that Arsenal thrashed Rosenborg Trondheim 5-1.	1
Four Marines killed in Anbar province BAGHDAD, Iraq Four Marines have been killed in separate incidents in Iraq #39;s volatile Anbar province. The US military says one Marine was killed in action yesterday, while two others died of wounds sustained 	0
World oil prices fall on profit-taking ahead of US election LONDON : Oil prices slid for a third day running as speculators banked profits ahead of next week #39;s US presidential election amid easing supply fears and China #39;s move to hike interest rates, analysts said.	2
Worst-case scenario comes to pass for US tennis Second-ranked Andy Roddick overplayed this summer and hasn #39;t scored a big win since March and for the first time since she became a legitimate pro, four-time Grand Slam champion Venus Williams has become vulnerable to anyone inside of the top 40. 	1
Apache Geronimo readied as Java app server (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - LAS VEGAS -- Geronimo, the open source Java application server in development by the Apache Software Foundation, will provide a malleable technology base amenable to applications such as regulatory compliance systems, according to a technologist working on the project. #160;	3
Typhoon kills 21, leaves trail of havoc At least 21 people were dead Wednesday as massive Typhoon Tokage churned north across the Japanese archipelago after hitting Kochi Prefecture.	0
Florida State Quarterback Injures Ankle (AP) AP - Florida State quarterback Chris Rix left Saturday's game against Clemson late in the first quarter with an injured right ankle.	1
Airport Security Screeners Overworked, Report Says The nation's 45,000 federal airport security screeners suffers from low morale, understaffing and excessive overtime, according to a new report by the Department of Homeland Security inspector general.	3
Car bomb kills two in Baghdad A car bomb exploded north of the Iraqi capital Baghdad today, killing two people and injuring four others, including a deputy provincial governor, police said.	0
IRA Will Disarm Under One Condition In the final talks of negotiations between the Anglo-Irish drive for a peaceful Northern Ireland the IRA guerrillas said on Thursday that they would never be humiliated by photographing their actual disarmaments.	0
Microsoft probing reported flaws in Windows XP SP2 Microsoft is downplaying claims that several new vulnerabilities in Windows XP SP2 were discovered by Finjan Software, but it is looking into the claims anyway.	3
Sun won #39;t charge for Solaris 10 Sun Microsystems Inc. #39;s plan to give away the latest version of its Solaris operating system highlights the technology giant #39;s bid to roll back the gains of Linux in the corporate technology market, analysts say.	3
LG Unveils Big, Pricey Plasma TV (PC World) PC World - 71-inch HDTV comes with a home stereo system and components painted in 24-karat gold.	3
SunTrust Fires 3 Finance Execs (Reuters) Reuters - SunTrust Banks Inc., a large U.S.\southeast regional bank, on Wednesday said it fired three\finance executives, including its chief credit officer, after\uncovering problems in how it accounted for bad loans.	2
Dhaka to announce reward for disclosing grenade attacker #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Bangladeshi government may announce a reward of 10 million taka (166,000 US dollars) to anyone disclosing the names of the persons or groups responsible for the Aug.	0
Piracy accusations fly as Kazaa trial begins THE firm behind leading file-swapping network Kazaa is being sued by the record industry in the latest round of a fight over copyright.	3
Vote Audit Confirms Chavez Recall Win Fair-Official (Reuters) Reuters - An audit done by\international observers has confirmed that President Hugo\Chavez beat a recall referendum and that the vote was fair, an\electoral council official said on Saturday.	0
All 2,749 WTC Victims Honored in N.Y. NEW YORK - Their voices breaking, parents and grandparents of those lost on Sept. 11 stood at the World Trade Center site Saturday and marked the third anniversary of the attacks by reciting the names of the 2,749 people who died there...	0
NCAA Game Summary - Syracuse at West Virginia Morgantown, WV (Sports Network) - Rasheed Marshall passed for 144 yards and three touchdowns to lead No. 15 West Virginia over Syracuse, 27-6, in a Big East contest from Mountaineer Field at Milan Puskar Stadium.	1
Great day for SoCal baseball Forty-six years of Major League Baseball in sunny Southern California came down to one magical afternoon Saturday as the Dodgers and Angels clinched their respective 	1
No pigs with avian flu in Chinese mainland: Ministry There are no pigs in the Chinese mainland infected with the H5N1 virus, or avian flu virus, and relevant research has reached no clear conclusion on H5N1 infecting pigs, announced 	0
Liberty denies News Corp plot LIBERTY MEDIA, the second-biggest shareholder in The News Corporation, yesterday denied that it had any hostile intentions towards the media group - a week after it raised its voting 	2
Nordstrom posts 71 increase Nordstrom Inc. beat its cautious forecasts once again, posting a 71 percent increase in third-quarter earnings, reaping the benefits of a streamlined inventory system while focusing on improving its merchandise.	2
Alaska Brown Bears Gather for Annual Salmon Feast Each summer, the falls at McNeil River turn into a mosh pit of bears. Instead of thumping music, it's the sound of salmon slapping their way up the falls at the McNeil River State Game Sanctuary that sends the bears into a fishing frenzy.	3
Time Warner Near AOL Settlement Time Warner (TWX:NYSE - news - research) is on the brink of announcing settlements with the Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission, it was reported Wednesday.	2
Krispy Kreme posts big drop in net Krispy Kreme Doughnuts stunned investors on Thursday with disappointing earnings for the second consecutive quarter, sending its shares to their lowest level in more than four years.	2
NATO proclaims victory in Bosnia SARAJEVO, Bosnia-Herzegovina -- When NATO forces first came to Bosnia nearly a decade ago, they lived in heavily guarded compounds, patrolled the streets in tanks, and often wore full body armor.	0
US accuses all parties in Darfur conflict of complicity in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; UNITED NATIONS The US ambassador to the UN has accused all parties involved in western Sudan #39;s violence of being responsible for a growing humanitarian disaster.	0
Attacks disrupt some credit card transactions Online credit card processor Authorize.net on Wednesday acknowledged that large-scale data attacks have disrupted credit card processing for its Internet merchants over the last week.	3
Kidnappers in Iraq release 7 hostages BAGHDAD -- Kidnappers in Iraq freed seven hostages yesterday, releasing two female Italian aid workers who were abducted from their home three weeks ago, two of the women's Iraqi colleagues and three Egyptian employees of a local cell phone company.	0
Teams Scour Indonesia Plane Crash Site for Survivors  SOLO, Indonesia (Reuters) - Rescue teams searched areas  around a central Indonesia airport Wednesday for survivors and  victims of a plane crash that police said killed at least 31  people and left 47 unaccounted for.	0
Johansson Edges Malisse at Stockholm Open STOCKHOLM, Sweden Oct 25, 2004 - Former Australian Open champion Thomas Johansson came back from an early deficit to edge Xavier Malisse of Belgium 7-6 (4), 7-6 (1) Monday to reach the second round of the Stockholm Open.	1
Indian hostages set to return home After 42 days in captivity, the three Indian truckers are all set to fly back home today. They are currently in Kuwait and would be taking a special flight back home later tonight.	0
Explanation sought on Chinese sub's intrusion  Japan TOKYO -- Japan lodged a formal protest with Beijing yesterday after determining that a nuclear submarine that entered its territorial waters without identifying itself belonged to China. Japan's navy had been on alert since Wednesday, when the submarine was first spotted off the nation's southern island of Okinawa. Tokyo sent reconnaissance aircraft and naval destroyers to shadow the submarine, ...	0
PalmOne Intros Treo 650 Smartphone The Treo allows users to dial contacts by name from a contacts list or enter a name or number on the improved backlit Qwerty keyboard or on-screen dial pad.	3
Columnist Sal DeFilippo: Patriots-Jets: Zero in common and not &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sal DeFilippo #39;s pro football picks column appears Friday. Reach him at sallasvegassun.com or (702) 259-4076. On the surface, it seems as though the New England Patriots and New York Jets have a lot in common.	1
It #39;s a US women #39;s world When it comes to US Olympic basketball, men are from Mars and women are from Venus. And Venus is a much happier planet right now. On a day when the US men #39;s team settled 	1
Industry Claims Kazaa Copyright Pirate An Australian federal court has been told that Sharman Networks, the developer of file swapping technology Kazaa, is the largest music piracy system ever seen.	3
Divers find gash in hull of oil tanker A 6-foot gash has been discovered in the hull of a tanker that leaked 30,000 gallons of crude oil into the Delaware River Friday night, officials said yesterday.	1
Cellphones could cause hearing loss Siemens issued a warning yesterday that some of its cellphones may emit a loud noise, possibly causing hearing loss for the phone user.	3
Prince of Persia: Golden Within November 19, 2004 - Ubisoft announced today that the Xbox and PlayStation 2 versions of Prince of Persia: Warrior Within have gone gold.	3
Sony Ericsson  amp; Cingular Wireless introduce Z500a The Sony Ericsson Z500a is available for connection to Cingular #39;s EDGE (Enhanced Data for Global Evolution) network. The new mobile phone features a built-in digital camera with zoom, a built-in video camera 	3
Wrestling: Cinderella in Sydney suffers turnabout at hands of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; One of the big stars of the 2000 Summer Games, Gardner was thrown to the mat in overtime by Georgi Tsurtsumia of Kazakhstan and lost 4-1 in his Greco-Roman semifinal match.	1
ATA Airlines files for bankruptcy protection Indianapolis-based ATA Airlines filed for bankruptcy protection today. The airline has one of its major hubs at Chicago #39;s Midway Airport.	2
Origin #39;s NZ\$3.2 Billion Offer for Contact Too Low (Update2) Origin Energy Ltd., Australia #39;s second-largest energy retailer, probably won #39;t increase its stake in Contact Energy Ltd. much above the 51 percent it has already agreed to buy after 	2
Crude futures close 5 higher for the month SAN FRANCISCO (AFX) -- Crude-oil futures closed higher to tally a gain of 5 percent for the month, lifted by growing doubt that Chinas interest-rate hike will dampen energy demand, and the ever-existing possibility that supply disruptions could 	2
Iraq Airways heads past borders Iraqi Airways is reportedly planning to restart international flights after a 14-year break on Saturday. 	2
 #39;Passion #39; Source Named New Roman Catholic Saint Description: NPR #39;s John Ydstie talks with John Allen, Vatican correspondent for The National Catholic Reporter, about Sunday #39;s beatification ceremony for five new Catholic saints.	0
Spectators didn't get their Phil More than a few fans expressed displeasure that they spent \$40 for practice-round tickets to the 35th Ryder Cup, yet didn't see Phil Mickelson either of the last two days at Oakland Hills Country Club.	1
Taiwan leader wants peace talks with China to head off military crisis (AFP) AFP - Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian called for wide-ranging peace talks with China to defuse the dangerous military build-up on both sides of the Taiwan Strait.	0
Southwest Considers DFW Move Low-cost carrier Southwest Airlines on Friday said it was examining a move into Dallas/Fort Worth Airport, the main base for American Airlines, which would be dealt a blow if the move happened.	2
Europe Looks to Rout U.S. Without Monty (AP) AP - Nobody is more responsible than Colin Montgomerie for Europe's surge to supremacy in the Ryder Cup. That didn't keep him in the lineup Saturday with the Europeans on the verge of a rout.	1
Developer Wins Victory in WTC Case  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A New York developer hoping to rebuild  the destroyed World Trade Center on Monday won a major victory  against his insurers, when a jury decided the hijacked airline  attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, were two separate events.	2
Mars Rover Missions Extended Again NASA has decided to fund the missions of the Spirit and Opportunity rovers on Mars for an additional six months -- as long as the craft continue to operate.	3
Wither The Dollar A weak dollar should be good for U.S. exports. But it's already causing pain overseas, and in the long run it could drive up the cost of living at home	2
GIGGS FORESEES VINTAGE UNITED While the Old Trafford outfit have added a Premiership title and an FA Cup to their growing trophy cabinet in the last two seasons, the flamboyant football that characterised their 1999 treble triumph and the two championships that followed has largely 	1
Nokia Adds RFID to Latest Handsets Nokia #39;s RFID system offers consumers access to browsing and text message services by touching tags that contain service shortcuts.	3
DC's Team Will Be the Nationals  Major League Baseball's Washington, D.C. franchise finally  got a name Monday, nearly two months after the team relocated  from Montreal. Team officials, including president Tony  Tavares, also unveiled a color scheme for the team, which is  red, white and blue.	1
Mansell out but Silverstone roars back Ecclestone is understood to have entered Silverstone #39;s name on the provisional list of venues for the 2005 season, which would leave no room for Brand Synergy, the mystery consortium that has Mansell on its board.	1
Parts of Ariz. Border Crackdown Continue (AP) AP - A government crackdown on illegal immigration in southern Arizona will continue beyond Sept. 30, the day the initiative was supposed to wrap up, a top Homeland Security official said Tuesday.	0
Oil closes above \$50 for first time NEW YORK - Oil prices closed above \$50 a barrel for the first time in New York trading Friday, as traders fretted about Nigerian oil production amid a threatened rebel uprising.	2
Valve wins case against Vivendi Half-Life 2 creator Valve Games has announced that a legal complaint filed against publisher Vivendi Universal Games in August 2002 has been upheld by a US court, but several other cases remain outstanding.	3
US Stock-Index Futures Rise on Retail Sales; Dell Advances US stock-index futures gained after a government report showed sales at retailers in October, excluding autos, rose more than expected.	2
Unions protest as overtime rules take effect Hundreds of workers rallied on the steps of the Labor Department yesterday to protest the implementation of new rules they say 	2
Car Explodes in Northern Gaza Town (AP) AP - A car exploded near a Palestinian industrial zone in the town of Beit Hanoun in the northern Gaza Strip on Saturday, witnesses said.	0
NHL Lockout Begins Put the Zamboni machines in mothballs. What looks to be an extremely long NHL lockout has begun. The collective bargaining agreement between the league #39;s owners and its players expired at midnight 	1
Voter Registrations in Las Vegas Possibly Trashed Ex-employees of company called Voters Outreach of America AKA America Votes claim that voter registrations in Las Vegas have been trashed.     The article recommends that people make sure they're registered to vote. If you're a victim of the fraudulent voter registration that is rife in the prelude to this election you should insist on your right to make a provisional (or affidavit) vote at the polls as guaranteed by the Help America Vote Act of 2002.    Voters Outreach of America has reportedly moved on to Oregon presumably to do the same thing.	3
E-Vote Vendors Hand Over Software To help increase voter confidence in electronic voting systems, a federal agency establishes a voting software library. All of the major voting-equipment makers are submitting their software. The hope is the library will help ensure that no one alters voting code without it being detected. By Kim Zetter.	3
Rodriguez Scores Winning Run as Yankees Take Series  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Alex Rodriguez scored from third base  on a wild pitch by Kyle Lohse in the top of the 11th inning,  giving the New York Yankees a 6-5 win over the Minnesota Twins  in their American League Divisional Series in Minneapolis  Saturday.	1
Musharraf Says Bin Laden Trail Has Gone Cold -Post (Reuters) Reuters - The search for al Qaeda leader Osama\bin Laden has gone cold and there is no indication of his\whereabouts, Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf told the\Washington Post in an interview published on Sunday.	0
FOOTBALL: DONS PUT BHOYS IN A STEW ABERDEEN boosted their reputation and brought the championship race alive with a dramatic win at Celtic Park last night. Substitute John Stewart pounced in injury time after poor defending to give Aberdeen 	1
 quot;Other quot; starters chip in for Storm Even with its MVP forward and All-Star point guard, the Storm was a flawed team. It was predictable, relying too heavily on the tandem of Lauren Jackson and Sue Bird.	1
Job Picture Brightens with August Hiring The US job market brightened modestly in August as employers added 144,000 workers to payrolls and weak hiring tallies for the two prior months were revised up, the Labor Department said on Friday.	2
Dolly creator applies for human cloning licence LONDON - One of the creators of Dolly the sheep, the world #39;s first mammal cloned from an adult, said Tuesday he was seeking permission to create cloned human embryos for medical research.	3
GOP Wants Bush to Draw Attention Off Iraq NEW YORK - Nervous Republicans are urging President Bush to unveil a robust second-term agenda at his convention next week to shift voters' focus from the unpopular war in Iraq and other issues that are a distraction to his re-election drive. Some contend the party should ditch the GOP-fueled controversy over rival John Kerry's combat record in Vietnam...	0
Japan Importing US Beef Again 10/23/04- Japan will soon import US beef again. This follows a tentative agreement between America and Japan to end a 10-month ban after concerns of Mad Cow Disease.	0
British ID Card Gains Ground The U.K. government sees a national identity card now making its way through Parliament as a way to fight terrorism, but opponents see it as an expensive waste of time. By Wendy M. Grossman.	3
Nintendo gets touchy feely Nintendo wants you to know that its new handheld is not just another blob of circuitry encased in cold silver plastic. To make this point, my review copy of the Nintendo DS came in unusual packaging.	3
Regulator Says Fannie Mae Execs May Need to Go  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Fannie Mae's regulator told Congress  on Wednesday his office was considering seeking management  changes at the mortgage finance company after finding pervasive  accounting irregularities.	2
Backpacking trip that ended in death on the River Kwai The British couple murdered in Thailand yesterday were following thousands of tourists who make the trip to the picturesque province of Kanchanaburi every year.	0
James gives Bulls taste of his artistry Trying to comprehend how Cleveland Cavaliers star LeBron James can be so good, so young. On Saturday night at Gund Arena, James became the youngest player in NBA history to reach 2,000 points for his career.	1
Scientist Advocates for Embryonic Stem Cell Research By KATHARINE WEBSTER     MANCHESTER, N.H. (AP) -- A Nobel laureate in medicine says the Bush administration's limits on funding for embryonic stem cell research have stopped the clock on American scientists' efforts to develop treatments for a host of chronic, debilitating diseases...	3
Media Center Gets a Makeover Microsoft makes a more concerted move into the living room with a freshened version of its entertainment-oriented operating system.	3
Microsoft appoints new public sector head Microsoft Corp. has appointed a new leader for its Worldwide Public Sector group, which plays a key role in its efforts to counter competition from open source software in government and education markets.	3
Mac OS X Tip of the Week: Make Column View a Permanent Thing In love with column view? Find out how to make it a permanent thing at the Apple Pro/ site in the latest Mac OS X killer tip. Sep 29	3
UPDATE 3-Winnebago earns up on diesel mobile-home demand Recreational vehicle maker Winnebago Industries Inc. (WGO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) reported stronger-than-expected quarterly earnings on Thursday as more people 	2
Microsoft Does Well On Server-Software Sales Microsoft said last week that its first-quarter net income rose 11 and revenue 12 because of strong server-software demand and steady sales of PCs that run its products.	2
Black Notre Dame Alumni Question Firing (AP) AP - Some black Notre Dame alumni say the recent firing of football coach Tyrone Willingham will hamper the school's efforts to recruit and retain black students and teachers.	1
Category: SpeakersMics iMac, eMac, iBook, PowerBook, Power Mac and iPod compatible, with easy plug and play set up and convenient touch controls, Creature takes multimedia sound to another dimension.	3
Schools Weather PC Onslaught Schools across the Washington region relied on stringent new security precautions that helped quarantine infected PCs before they even had a chance to spread their disease. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	3
Arab League chief urges release of French hostages Arab League Secretary General Amr Moussa on Monday urged the release of the two French journalists kidnapped by Islamic militants in Iraq.	0
Bovina stuns Dementieva in semis Second seed Elena Dementieva #39;s hopes of a first title in 2004 ended in double-quick time when she was hammered 6-1 6-1 by fellow Russian Elena Bovina in the semifinals of the WTA New Haven Open.	1
Broadhurst ticks over for Volvo Paul Broadhurst, the former Ryder Cup player, is in the hunt for a first European Tour victory for nine years after yesterday adding a 65 to his opening 67 at Club de Campo in the Madrid Open.	1
EU Extends Review of Microsoft-Time Warner Deal Software giant Microsoft Corp. and the media and entertainment powerhouse Time Warner Inc. ran into fresh trouble with the European Union on Wednesday as antitrust regulators ordered an in-depth probe of their deal to collaborate in making anti-piracy software.	3
After His Star Turn, Martnez Exits Stage Left The current tales of the Red Sox have them winning the World Series, then doing weird things to reconfigure their championship team. Hello, David; bye bye, Pedro.	1
Olympics: Phelps in Gold Rush, Doping Scandals Rumble On ATHENS (Reuters) - US teenager Michael Phelps powered his way to two more golds in the Olympic swimming pool on Tuesday, setting a new Games record in the 200 meters butterfly and leading a 4 x 200 freestyle cliffhanger. 	1
Midland #39; team to race in 2006 - official  #39;Midland F1 #39; will put two Dallara-built cars on the Formula One grid in 2006, it was announced on Friday. Official website F1.	1
Horror at execution of Italian journalist Enzo Baldoni Reporters Without Borders expressed revulsion today at the  quot;barbaric quot; death of Italian freelance journalist Enzo Baldoni, 56, who was executed in Iraq last night by his kidnappers, according to the pan-Arab TV news station Al-Jazeera and the Italian news 	0
Greek sprinter rides cheers to victory ATHENS - Homeland favorite Fani Halkia of Greece, cheered on by her compatriots in Olympic Stadium, roared to victory in the women #39;s 400 meter hurdles Wednesday night, taking the gold medal in a time of 52.	1
Compuware readies tools for Microsoft apps development Compuware plans to enhance its suite of products for the Microsoft development platform, with tools to improve application performance, code quality, and security.	3
Mixed End to Light Trading as Oil Surges, Then Retreats Shares shuffled to a mixed finish yesterday, rebounding from earlier lows as oil prices retreated after surging past \$50 a barrel.	2
Update 4: Parmalat Owes Almost \$26B to Creditors Italian dairy giant Parmalat SPA owes nearly \$26 billion to creditors including many big international banks, a judge ruled Friday in a decision that will affect who will become a shareholder in the reorganized company.	2
Mandelson warns EU to reform economy or fall BIRMINGHAM, England (AFP) - Europe must show a  quot;determined, unwavering pursuit of economic reform quot; or risk endangering its status as a  quot;global economic leader quot;, EU trade commissioner-designate Peter Mandelson warned.	2
Red Sox Favored Over Yankees in Las Vegas, by Futures Traders The Boston Red Sox, who haven #39;t won baseball #39;s World Series since 1918, are favored to beat the New York Yankees in the American League Championship Series by Las Vegas oddsmakers and futures traders.	1
Dollar Stalls as Market Awaits Greenspan  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar barely moved on Tuesday as  most investors were reluctant to take positions ahead of an  address by the Federal Reserve chief that is expected to point  to further rises in U.S. interest rates this year.	2
Cemex Buys 18.8 Percent Stake in RMC (Reuters) Reuters - Mexican cement company Cemex said on\Monday it had spent about 432 million pounds ( #36;780 million)\buying an 18.8 percent stake in RMC Group  as part of\its planned takeover of its British rival.	2
Afghan Militants Say to Hold Talks on UN Hostages  KABUL (Reuters) - Militants holding three U.N. workers  hostage in Afghanistan said they expected to hold talks via  intermediaries with U.N. and government negotiators on Sunday.	0
Treasuries Fall as Investors Take Profits (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury debt prices fell for a\second straight session on Wednesday as buyers' resistance to\higher prices spawned a wave of profit-taking.	2
Abbas Wins Backing of Brigades GAZA CITY, 29 November 2004 - Palestine Liberation Organization chief Mahmoud Abbas won the endorsement of one of the main Palestinian armed factions yesterday before pledging to stop anyone but the official security forces from carrying weapons.	0
Schroeder meeting with Gaddafi announced after deal German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder will travel to Tripoli on October 15 for a meeting with Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, government sources said on Saturday.	0
S.Korea on Alert for Possible Infiltration (AP) AP - South Korea went on high alert over possible infiltration by North Korean agents Tuesday after border guards found a hole cut in a fence. The alert came as Secretary of State Colin Powell urged the North to return to nuclear talks if it wants international assistance.	0
Purdue rumbles past Notre Dame They are two schools known for their quarterback pedigree. Purdue #39;s Kyle Orton and Notre Dame #39;s Brady Quinn added to that mystique Saturday.	1
Select Comfort down; lowers sales expectations NEW YORK - Select Comfort Corp. stock fell after the bed maker lowered is sales forecast, citing slow sales during the Thanksgiving weekend.	2
Washington ignores North #39;s verbal attacks Washington shrugged off harsh verbal attacks from North Korea against US President George W. Bush, saying that the insults would not hinder efforts to end nuclear crisis on the peninsula.	0
Gateway to cut back selling electronics; to focus on core PCs Gateway said yesterday it is backing away from selling TVs and other consumer electronics - essentially shelving the strategy that founder Ted Waitt championed for two years to turn the money-losing company around.	2
Snow says cutting trade deficit a priority Treasury Secretary John Snow said Wednesday cutting the US current account deficit will be a top priority for the Bush administration #39;s second term.	2
Nortel reports loss in Q3, sees pickup in Q4 Amid continuing problems with the release of its financial statements, Nortel Networksreported a loss for this year's third quarter, coupled with a drop in sales from the second quarter, but added that it expects improvements in fourth-quarter revenue.	3
Private Rocket Ship Lands in California After Flight (Reuters) Reuters - SpaceShipOne completed the first\leg of its bid for a  #36;10-million civilian space prize with a\wild corkscrew-like ascent into space above the California\desert on Wednesday.	3
Aides cite flu as doctors examine Arafat RAMALLAH, West Bank -- A Tunisian medical team examined Yasser Arafat in the West Bank yesterday, but aides dismissed Israeli media reports that the Palestinian leader's health had deteriorated and said he had the flu.	0
George Johnson on Sports: NFL, Baseball, WNBA Description: George Johnson talks about the NFL, WNBA playoffs, baseball pennant races and other sports headlines. There #39;s the music which means it #39;s time to bounce.	1
Ecosse: Big game hunter It started with optimism, even innocence. One minute we were guiding cute suicidal lemmings down the path to nemesis. The next, thanks to hurtling technological advances, we were cruising the  #39;hood in a stolen 	3
Sadr Militia in Contacts to Hand Over Najaf Shrine NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Top aides of radical cleric Moqtada al-Sadr prepared to hand over control of a holy shrine at the center of a crisis in Najaf on Friday to representatives of Iraq #39;s top ayatollah, a Sadr spokesman said. 	0
Choose  #39;The Apprentice #39;  #39;You #39;re Fired! quot; Everyone knows Donald Trump #39;s weekly mantra from his NBC reality show. Most fans also know who won the fight for supremacy as 16 wannabes -- eight women and eight men -- competed in the corporate jungle of New York.	2
Novell creates new management posts Memo outlines converting four divisions into two, as company refocuses.	3
Bryant Comments Sour Malone on Lakers (AP) AP - Karl Malone has ruled out a return to the Los Angeles Lakers because of comments made by Kobe Bryant in a radio interview, Malone's agent said Tuesday.	1
iRiver N10 512MB Flash MP3 player &lt;strong&gt;Review&lt;/strong&gt; Dedicated follower of fashion?	3
Bush to Meet With Leaders of Mexico, Chile President Bush aims to dispel the perception of U.S. neglect of Latin America and burnish an American reputation damaged by the Iraq war, undertaking a second-term diplomatic offensive in the region akin to his recent courting of Europe.	0
IBM #39;s PC saga was two decades in the unmaking until then the ruler of a still-nascent industry -an a cheeky advertisement greeting its new rival. The ad said:  quot;Welcome, IBM.	2
BT stamps on rogue net diallers BT has blocked premium rate numbers associated with a net scam that is costing its customers dear.	3
UPDATE 1-Northwest pilots ratify \$265 mln concession deal The pilots union at Northwest Airlines Corp. (NWAC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 4 US air carrier, ratified a \$265 million concession package that includes 15 percent pay cuts, the union said on Friday.	2
Escobar is no pushover A wolf in Angels wings? Or a sacrificial lamb to be served up on the Fenway mound this afternoon? Kelvim Escobar went 11-12 this season and was beaten by the Red Sox stats, schedule, 4 	1
UPDATE 1-Harrington enjoys welcome return to form Padraig Harrington led the way in the German Masters first round on Thursday as Europe #39;s Ryder Cup players warmed up for next week #39;s match against the United States.	1
Russia Blames Terrorism for Downed Jet MOSCOW - Russian officials accused terrorists Friday after the wreckage of one of two crashed jetliners revealed traces of an explosive used in earlier attacks blamed on Chechen rebels, while an Islamic group claimed its suicide attackers brought down both planes.    At least one crash was ""the result of a terrorist act,"" a spokesman for the Federal Security Service, Sergei Ignatchenko, told the ITAR-Tass news agency...	0
Four share Champions lead SOUTH Korea #39;s Grace Park finished with a birdie today to join Americans Laura Diaz, Juli Inkster and Christina Kim in the first round Tournament of Champions lead.	1
New X Prize Sets Sights on Science, Technology and Social Solutions (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - The X Prize Foundation and the World Technology Network announced today the formation of a joint venture to launch a series of technology incentive prizes to help spur innovation and breakthroughs in a range of scientific arenas.	3
NetInterlink Offers Schools a Way to Stay on Track Parind Raval and Siamak Asgari spent six years working for a variety of technology companies while seeking a niche that would allow them to start their own business. Two years ago, Asgari met a school-system official who mentioned the need for an effective student management system in public schools.	3
Bush urges baseball to  quot;address ... serious problem quot; of steroids WHITE HOUSE President Bush is joining the chorus of those who want Major League Baseball to crack down on steroid use. Press Secretary Scott McClellan says the president is calling on baseball players and owners to  quot;address this serious problem.	1
After 0-13 season in  #39;03, Ross #39; Black Knights hope to mimic &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; For the 10th consecutive year, tickets for the Army-Navy game have sold out, and for good reason. Countless aspects of this 105-year-old rivalry command respect, from the thrill-inducing pageantry of the pregame 	1
Phishing is a problem for all Internet browsers Take heart, Internet Explorer users. Now it appears that virtually every Internet browser program - not just yours - poses a security risk.	3
Via gives away disk-scrubbing software Taiwanese chipmaker dangles open-source software to lure in programmer interest.	3
Tapwave Zodiac 2 &lt;strong&gt;&lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; Review&lt;/strong&gt; The best handheld games console yet?	3
Business Council: Economic Survey Wrong  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Chief executives in the United States  are not as pessimistic as the Business Council thought last  week when it issued its economic survey, the group said on  Tuesday, citing a ""tabulation error.""	2
Chanting throng tunes in to Stern #39;s Sirius giveaway Manhattan #39;s Union Square has been the site of anti-war demonstrations over the years, but midday Thursday it became the newest battleground in the satellite radio war.	2
Cambodia Scrambles to Name New King Cambodia #39;s King Norodom Sihanouk #39;s abdication statement last week stunned the nation and left politicians scrambling to figure out how to choose a new king.	0
NFL Game Summary - Jacksonville at Indianapolis Indianapolis, IN (Sports Network) - Josh Scobee hit a 53-yard field goal with 38 seconds left and Byron Leftwich threw for 300 yards and two touchdowns, as Jacksonville defeated Indianapolis 27-24 at the RCA Dome.	1
Global Warming Treaty Gets Russia #39;s OK Russia #39;s permanent representative to the United Nations, Andrey Denisov, left, shakes hands with UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan while Kenyan Nobel Peace prize winner Wangari Maathai, right, look on after they signed the Kyoto Protocol on global warming.	0
Apple store takes reviews--but not of its own stuff Apple will brook no criticism of its offerings on its new product review page--but praise and pan other makers' stuff all you like.	3
Pakistan's Abbas 'honoured' to enter hockey Hall of Fame (AFP) AFP - Pakistan's penalty-corner expert Sohail Abbas said he was honoured to enter field hockey's Hall of Fame after he set a new world record for most goals.	0
Agni-II missile test-fired India today successfully test-fired its longer-range missile Agni-II from the Integrated Test Range on the Wheelers Island in the Bay of Bengal off the Orissa coast, defence sources said.	0
Microsoft Funded Study Deciding Factor in 10yr Deal Genevish writes  quot;According to an article in the Register, Microsoft and the Newham Council in London have signed an agreement making Microsoft the preferred vendor for the council, instead of the original hybrid MS / Open Source plan. The council was very ...	3
PSA seen as leading race to buy CSX port assets Singapore-based PSA International is leading a pack of shipping giants, which includes tycoon Li Ka-shing #39;s flagship Hutchison Whampoa, that are prepared to shell out upward of US\$1 billion (HK\$7.8 billion) to buy CSX World Terminals #39; port assets 	2
Background Investigation Shortfall Sends ManTech to a Loss Despite an increase in revenue, ManTech International Corp. swung to a loss during its second quarter when a contract to conduct background investigations for the Department of Defense turned out to be far less lucrative than previously expected.	3
Ben Bova: Exciting new era dawns in space flight Oct. 4, 2004, on the 47th anniversary of Russia #39;s launch of the first artificial satellite, Sputnik, history was again made in space.	3
After a Decade, Philips Makes PCs Again After an absence of a decade, Philips Electronics is making personal computers again, the company said on Thursday. The Netherlands-based electronics conglomerate, which abandoned the 	3
AOL cuts 4 of workforce DULLES, Va. -- Time Warner Inc.'s America Online division, the biggest US Internet service, said it cut 750 jobs, or about 4 percent of its workforce, amid subscriber losses.	2
UK Telecoms Watchdog Might Relax 3G License Rules  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain might relax rules about the  speed at which mobile phone operators have to build out  third-generation (3G) networks as part of a radical overhaul to  throw open the highly-regulated market for radio frequencies.	3
Steak N Shake Doubles 4th-Qtr. Earnings Casual dining chain Steak n Shake Co. reported Wednesday that fourth-quarter earnings doubled while same-store sales of company-owned restaurants increased for the period.	2
F.C.C. Takes on Oversight of Internet Phone Services The Federal Communications Commission seized regulatory control over Internet-based telephone services by issuing an order that sharply limited the role of state regulators.	3
Utah #39;s Meyer to pick Florida over Notre Dame today? Maybe Urban Meyer is notheaded to Notre Dame after all.According to a report in the Palm Beach Post, Meyer has beenmade an offer to replace Ron Zook as Florida #39;s coach and isexpected to accept it as early as Friday afternoon.	1
This week in Linux news Sun plans to provide legal protection from patent-infringement suits to outsiders using or developing the OS--a move to counter Linux.	3
Higher oil pricing may be in store from OPEC OPEC oil production cuts, announced at a special meeting of that cartels representatives in Cairo, Egypt Friday, are part of a strategy to keep light sweet crude prices above \$40 a barrel.	2
Air China raises \$1.07bn in IPO Air China, the biggest and last of China's three large airlines to list on the stock market, prices its float near the top of its  target range.	2
Maryland Is a Bit Off, But Still Wins in Rout No. 19 Maryland is a potent offensive team this season, one with several players who are capable scoring threats. But occasionally, even the best shooters fail to get their shots to fall.	1
Markets surge on Bush win Investors on Wednesday roared their approval for President Bush, and the absence of post-election rancor, with the Dow Jones industrial average closing up 101.	2
Candidates Hit Crucial Swing States of Ohio and Pennsylvania President Bush attacked John Kerry's health plan; Christopher Reeve's widow backed Mr. Kerry, citing his stem cell policy.	0
Dodging Harm Alex Cora's second homer in two days provides the spark Los Angeles needs to beat San Francisco 7-4 and extend its lead to 2 1/2 games in the NL West.	1
Zarqawi Cleric Ally Killed in U.S. Strike -Family  AMMAN (Reuters) - The spiritual mentor of al Qaeda ally Abu  Musab al-Zarqawi, a Muslim cleric who justified Zarqawi's  beheading of hostages in Iraq, has been killed in a U.S. air  strike, associates and relatives said on Wednesday.	0
The Euros cash in Bloomfield Township, Mich.- In the end Sunday, it seemed fit ting that Colin Mont gomerie, the spiritual leader of Europe #39;s Ryder Cup team, would seal ownership of the cup once again.	1
Iranian program not an  #39;imminent threat #39; IRAN #39;S nuclear program does not present an  quot;imminent threat, #39; quot; but Tehran must take measures to reassure the international community about its intentions, UN nuclear watchdog chief Mohamed ElBaradei said Sunday.	0
Legacy is lesson on fighting terrorism If Yasser Arafat had died at birth, a Palestinian state would today likely be living side by side with a Jewish state, in peace. The Palestinian state would be called Jordan, which claimed and governed the 	0
Russian Cabinet Approves Kyoto Protocol (AP) AP - Russia's Cabinet approved the Kyoto Protocol on global warming Thursday, clearing the way for the worldwide adoption of the pact  #151; despite U.S. opposition  #151; once the Russian parliament ratifies it as expected.	3
Newmont Considers Suit Over Jailed Execs (AP) AP - Newmont Mining Co. officials said Wednesday they are considering a lawsuit against Indonesian police over the jailing of five company executives during a pollution investigation.	0
Terrorism forcefully raised in meeting with Musharraf: PM : World News  gt; New York, Sept. 25 : Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has clarified that he forcefully raised the issue of cross border terrorism in his meeting with Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf here.	0
Roundup: Vioxx News; Weight And Your Heart; Benefits Of Being &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Wall Street Journal has reported that pharmaceutical company Merck knew as far back as 2000 that its arthritis medication, Vioxx, was linked to an increased risk of heart attack.	2
Microsoft Adds More Intelligence To SQL Server Microsoft has added new business intelligence (BI) capabilities to SQL Server 2000 and SQL Server 2005; according to an announcement today at the 2004 Professional Association for SQL Server community summit in Orlando, USA.	3
Google Lowers Price Range The search-engine giant, which was expected to go public as early as Wednesday, instead has slashed the deal #39;s expected price range and cut the number of shares being sold by existing shareholder in half. The new parameters suggest a newly public Google ...	2
Video games get serious In my own case, the event is the release of Halo 2 shortly after midnight this morning. It #39;s the sequel to my favorite video game Halo: Combat Evolved, one of the best games ever made for 	3
Yomiuri: Light-water Reactor Construction Likely to Be Suspended &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As the standoff over North Korea #39;s nuclear ambitions continues, members of a multinational consortium in charge of constructing two light-water reactors in the North have tentatively decided to put off their stalled project by another year.	0
India Could Consider Pakistan #39;s Kashmir Proposals India could consider Pakistani suggestions for resolving the Kashmir dispute if they are made formally, Foreign Minister Natwar Singh said on Saturday after Delhi announced it was scaling back its forces in the region.	0
Atlanta rallies to top Dodgers Johnny Estrada homered, drove in three runs, and started Atlanta's go-ahead rally in the ninth, and the Braves beat Eric Gagne and the Dodgers, 6-5, last night in Los Angeles.	1
Ford CEO asks for government help on health costs Bill Ford, Ford Motor Co. #39;s chairman and chief executive officer, called Wednesday for federal help with health-care costs and the development of hydrogen-powered vehicles.	2
Briefly: Melinda Gates joins Washington Post board roundup Plus: The Woz has got game...Opera browsing, as seen on TV...EdgeStream introduces IPTV platform...Dolby, Intel sound off for developers.	3
Origins Traces Our Original Din From the big bang to the search for ET, a new PBS miniseries seeks the meaning of life, the universe and beyond. The show brings together the latest research on ancient frozen moss, far-flung meteors and organisms that live in boiling water. By Jason Silverman.	3
Bomb found near Berlusconi villa Italy police defuse a  bomb  near Silvio Berlusconi's holiday villa, hours after a visit by the UK's Tony Blair.	0
Biotech's 5 Baggers How can yesterday's biotech winners lead you to today's top performers?"" /&gt;  &lt;meta name=""keywords"" content=""charly travers rule breakers biotech eln elan imclone imcl sepracor sepr"" /&gt;  &lt;meta name=""tickers"" content=""NASDAQ-BIIB; NASDAQ-IMCL; NASDAQ-SEPR; NYSE-ELN; NYSE-WYE; NYSE-BMY; BIIB; IMCL; SEPR; ELN; WYE; BMY"" /&gt;  &lt;meta name=""summary"" content="""" /&gt;  &lt;meta name=""author"" content=""Charly Travers"" /&gt;  &lt;meta name=""date"" content=""2004-10-18T12:21-04:00"" /&gt;  &lt;meta name=""language"" content=""en-us"" /&gt;  &lt;meta name=""STORY_UID"" content=""/USMF_Content/datasource/commentary/centerized/2004/__Commentary10182004ct.xml"" /&gt;  &lt;meta name=""expiration"" content=""Date  12 months"" /&gt;  &lt;meta name=""articletype"" content=""Investing""/&gt;  &lt;meta name=""contenttype"" content=""a"" /&gt;  &lt;title&gt;Fool.com: Biotech's 5 Baggers Commentary October 18, 2004&lt;/title&gt;  &lt;script language=""JavaScript	2
Monday #39;s MLB roundup Seattle Mariners: The team has hired former major league player and manager Don Baylor as hitting coach. Baylor, 55, spent the past two seasons as a bench coach for the New York Mets.	1
Shadow of Perry still looms over British game Britain last won the Davis Cup in 1936. You can account for the paucity of confidence in the British team last weekend when you realise their last victory predates rationing.	1
Hamas Leader Killed in Israeli Air Force Strike Near Gaza City Ednan Al-Ghoul, a Hamas leader responsible for developing the Qassam rockets fired by Palestinians at Israeli towns, was killed in a missile strike near Gaza City, the Israel Defense Forces said.	0
Digital recorders bump old VCRs off the shelf If you #39;re replacing an aging VCR, a recorder that uses digital technology now deserves first consideration. The reasons include picture quality that can exceed that of a 	3
Emirates and Arsenal in 100-m deal Arsenal Football Club has signed the biggest club sponsorship agreement in football history with Emirates Airline in an agreement worth 100 million.	1
NASA to Use Sweden Balloon Launch Area (AP) AP - Already a leading launch area for scientific balloons in northern Europe, operations at Sweden's Esrange launch facility will expand next year with NASA's decision to use it for launches of its largest scientific balloons, a spokesman said Tuesday.	3
Japan Princess to Marry Municipal Official - Media  TOKYO (Reuters) - Princess Sayako, the 35-year-old only  daughter of the Japanese emperor, is set to marry a commoner  and leave the imperial family, Japanese media said on Sunday.	0
Oracle delivers delayed patches The fixes come about eight months after a security researcher told the database software maker of the problems.	3
Nigerian Police Say Dozens Killed in Pipeline Blast  LAGOS (Reuters) - Dozens of people were killed in a  petroleum pipeline explosion in Nigeria's commercial capital  Lagos, police said Friday.	0
Microsoft sets sights on spyware Windows users could soon be paying for Microsoft software that keeps their machine free of spyware.	0
European powers get back on track Order was restored in Europe, but South American leaders Brazil and Argentina couldn't find the net yesterday as both were held to 0-0 draws in World Cup qualifying.	1
Crude Oil Jumps to Record on Concern Over Low US Supplies Crude oil prices surged to a record in New York and London on concern that hurricane damage to production platforms in the Gulf of Mexico will keep supplies from rising enough to meet winter needs.	2
Midnight death deadlines for Afghan hostages Afghan militants threatening to kill three UN hostages, including Northern Ireland #39;s Annetta Flanigan, pushed back the deadline for their deaths until midnight today - 7.30pm Irish time.	0
Art can improve Indo-Pak ties: Pak PM Islamabad: Observing that art could play a role in promoting peace and harmony across the border, Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz has said it was due to this reason that he and Indian leaders had introduced  quot;music diplomacy quot; during his recent visit 	0
UPDATE 2-French firms Sagem, Snecma plan to merge French aircraft engine maker Snecma (SNEC.PA: Quote, Profile, Research) and defence equipment group Sagem (SAGM.PA: Quote, Profile, Research 	2
Civilization sold off to mystery buyer Struggling publisher Infogrames nets \$22.3 million by hocking its powerhouse strategy franchise to an as-yet unidentified company.	3
AOL Offers Added Security America Online is teaming up with RSA Security in an effort to keep its users safe from online fraud and identity theft. RSA and AOL are announcing a new program called  quot;AOL PassCode quot; that will encourage AOL 	3
Higher Costs, Less Care In the past four years, Americans have spent a growing portion of their paychecks on health care and for the most part gotten less for their money, according to government figures and several independent studies.	2
Dreamworks shares surge on debut Shares in Dreamworks Animation, the creators of Shrek and Shark Tale, jump 30 on their first day of trading. 	2
Harry #39;s security men (pictured) intervened in the altercation Prince Harry has found himself at the centre of a controversy after a late-night scuffle with a photographer. According to royal officials, the 20-year-old was leaving the London nightclub Pangaea in the early 	0
Cantwell says mad cow feed loopholes still aren #39;t closed A year after the first US case of mad cow disease was reported, Sen. Maria Cantwell says the Food and Drug Administration still has not fulfilled its promise to tighten animal feed rules to help prevent future cases.	2
Few Sadr rebels turn in arms Only a small number of followers of radical Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr handed over their weapons today at the start of a ceasefire aimed at ending weeks of fighting between US troops and insurgents in the Baghdad #39;s impoverished Sadr City neighbourhood.	0
Gartner: '04 chip revenue growth strong, '05 weaker The semiconductor industry should take in \$226 billion in revenue this year, up 27 from last year, according to research firm Gartner Inc. But that grow is expected to slow in 2005.	3
First Enron criminal trial nears Two former Enron executives are set to appear in court in Houston in the first criminal trial involving Enron staff since the firm's collapse in 2001.	2
Sun to offer new Solaris as 'open-source' software It cost Sun Microsystems \$5 billion to develop Solaris, a powerful computer operating system used by governments and giant corporations worldwide. But in a concession to the radical new economics of computer software, Sun will distribute the latest version of Solaris free of charge, to anyone who wants a copy.	2
FIRST-PERSON: Rangers pitcher should sit out a year MULKEYTOWN, Ill. (BP)--Maybe he watches too much professional wrestling. Maybe he #39;s really Bobby Knight #39;s illegitimate son.	1
PeopleSoft sets initiatives despite Oracle bid PeopleSoft Inc. will push ahead with a marketing alliance and other initiatives in the face of a court ruling that raises the chance that Oracle Corp.'s \$7.7 billion hostile takeover bid could succeed, PeopleSoft's chief executive said yesterday.	2
Onkyo's DVD Changer Spins a New Tune (PC World) PC World - Here's a hands-on look at the moderately priced, multiformat DV-CP802.	3
Lubbers set for new Darfur talks  The UN refugee chief is to have what could be stormy talks with Sudan officials after proposing autonomy for Darfur.	0
N.Ireland #39;s Sinn Fein Says Bugged by British Sinn Fein, political ally of the Irish Republican Army, said Tuesday it had found a British bugging device at party offices, days before crucial talks on Northern Ireland #39;s future.	0
Sun giving away Solaris operating system California-based Sun Microsystems Inc. released its Unix-based operating system Solaris 10 for free Monday, Web Host Industry Review Magazine reports.	3
 quot;Green card quot; applications accepted Guangdong police have started accepting permanent residence applications from foreigners, Shenzhen Daily reported on Monday. The provincial public security department had issued 	2
Update 1: China Aviation Execs Surrender Passports China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corp. on Tuesday said four key company officials have surrendered their passports to prosecutors amid a probe into a massive trading loss by the Beijing-backed jet fuel trader.	2
Owen Scores as Real Madrid Wins in Champions League (Update1) Michael Owen scored his first goal for Real Madrid as the record nine-time European champion beat Dynamo Kiev 1-0 in soccer #39;s Champions League.	1
When Models Explode Behind every good business plan, there's a dynamite shack waiting for a box of matches.	2
80 Thai Muslims suffocate after arrest at protest Almost 80 Muslim demonstrators arrested in southern Thailand suffocated after being crammed into army lorries, the Thai authorities admitted yesterday.	0
Brother: Renteria agrees to sign with Red Sox All-Star shortstop Edgar Renteria is nearing an agreement with the Boston Red Sox on a contract, his brother said Wednesday. The deal is worth \$40 million over four years with an option for a fifth season, a 	1
U.S. Blue Chips Near Flat; Verizon Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips were lower on Tuesday,  as a drop in phone company Verizon Communications Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VZ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;VZ.N&lt;/A&gt;  overshadowed a brokerage upgrade on Caterpillar Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CAT.N&lt;/A&gt;  and a three-session drop in oil prices.	2
Trial of coup  #39;plotters #39; suspended A court trying alleged coup plotters in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea suspended proceedings yesterday, saying it wanted more information on the alleged roles of Sir Mark Thatcher, son of the British former prime minister, and other international financiers.	0
Russia to auction major oil facility MOSCOW -- Russian tax authorities on Friday scheduled the equivalent of a fire sale at what was once the nation #39;s largest oil company, offering the main production facility at Yukos Oil for auction next month at a fraction of its value.	2
Britain condemns bomb attack in Kathmandu (AFP) AFP - A visiting British deputy minister condemned the bombing by suspected Maoist rebels of an office block in the Nepalese capital Kathmandu which injured 38 people.	0
India, Pakistan Note Modest Progress in Peace Talks India #39;s foreign minister says modest progress was made in two days of peace talks with his Pakistani counterpart in New Delhi.	0
Sprint, Nextel close to sealing merger Sprint Corp and Nextel Communications have tentatively agreed on key terms in a \$US35 billion (\$47billion) merger deal that would create a giant mobile phone carrier with nearly 39 million subscribers.	2
F-Zero Climax Playtest October 21, 2004 - While Nintendo #39;s home consoles tend to see only one (or at most two) versions of the company #39;s most famous franchises, Game Boy Advance is different.	3
Ban Sale of Water for Profit, Health Activist Says Environmental activist Maude Barlow believes the world is poised to experience a freshwater crisis of ""monumental proportions."" The Canadian author shares her views on global water use and abuse with National Geographic News.	3
L.A. Airport Terminals Open After Scares LOS ANGELES - Four terminals at Los Angeles International Airport were shut down for more than three hours Saturday after a passenger bypassed security at one terminal and two flashlight batteries exploded during screening at another, authorities said.    The incidents, about a half-hour apart, were apparently unrelated and there was no link to terrorism, according to the federal Transportation Security Administration...	0
10 World Briefs ROSTOV-ON-DON, Russia -- Hundreds of protesters ransacked and occupied the regional administration building in a southern Russian province Tuesday, demanding the resignation of the region #39;s president, whose former son-in-law has been linked to a multiple 	0
Service pack 2: It #39;s in the mail Japanese consumers will be spared the agony of downloading Microsoft #39;s internet connection throttling Service Pack 2 -- they #39;ll be able to pick up a free CD containing the software at their local post office.	3
Sony, IBM detail chip plans A LONG-awaited microprocessor developed by IBM, Sony and Toshiba will go into early production next year and start appearing in video game consoles, high-definition TVs and home servers in 2006.	3
Sanderson Takes Coaching Job at Iowa Sta (AP) AP - Olympic gold medalist Cael Sanderson was hired as an assistant wrestling coach at Iowa State, where he went 159-0 while winning four NCAA championships.	1
No sex, drink or smokes, we #39;re British BRITISH Health Secretary John Reid has emerged as Britain #39;s nanny-in-chief, with an extraordinary plan for state intervention in people #39;s personal lives.	0
US Consulate Bombing Suspect Arrested in Pakistan Pakistani authorities have arrested the alleged mastermind of a deadly bombing near the US Consulate in Karachi two years ago, but another key member of his network is still on the run, a senior official said today.	0
Tucsonans worry about alternatives for Vioxx Merck  amp; Co. pulls the drug when a study finds it doubles the risk of heart attack and strokes. Tucsonan Carolyn White feels the pain of rheumatoid arthritis in just about every major joint in her body - shoulders 	2
Lehman said to be next US Ryder captain Former British Open champion Tom Lehman will be the next US Ryder Cup captain, it was reported Tuesday. The Palm Beach Post said Lehman will lead the team at the 2006 matches in Kildare, Ireland.	1
Sorry lads, the grass is NOT greener JUST over a year ago I travelled from Barcelona to Madrid on one of Spain #39;s inter-city trains. It was quite an experience. But there again, so is an attack of mumps.	1
M S starts share buyback Marks   Spencer begins buying back more than a quarter of its shares in a move that will return 2.3bn (\$4.2bn) to shareholders.	2
Global Warming Effects Faster Than Feared - Experts Recent storms, droughts and heat waves are probably being caused by global warming, which means the effects of climate change are coming 	3
Windows-Based PDAs Prove Popular Shipments of devices running the Palm OS have declined sharply, researcher says.	3
More Voter Supression Rules \\I love these NeoCon vote supression rules.  They're *sooooo* cute!\\I have some more:\\ - If you've ever traveled outside of the US you can't vote.\\ - If you have a graduate degree you can't vote.\\ - If you make less than 6 figures you can't vote\\ - If you can spell Nuclear and pronounce it correctly then you can't vote.\\ - If you haven't accept Jesus as savior then you can't vote.\\ - If you've never ordered anything from Bass Pro Shops then you can't vote.\\This is fun... if you can think of anymore please add a comment!\\	3
UPDATE 2-US Air seeks court-imposed cuts in wages, benefits Bankrupt US Airways Group Inc. (UAIRQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday asked a court to impose wage and benefit cuts on its union employees to save 	2
Red Cross volunteer joins Florida efforts John Souza, a volunteer with the Boone County chapter of the American Red Cross, is the second Columbia resident to join efforts to assist people who were affected by Tropical Storm Bonnie and Hurricane Charley.	2
Kerry Criticizes Delay in Hunger Report (AP) AP - The Kerry campaign on Friday criticized the administration for putting off, possibly until after the election, issuing an annual report that could show an increase in the number of households that either don't have access to enough food or have experienced hunger.	0
Ericsson Returns to Profit but Lowers 2005 Outlook Ericsson, the world #39;s largest maker of mobile phone networks, posted a quarterly profit on Friday, but reported disappointing new orders and offered a subdued outlook for 2005.	2
Oil Prices Fall to \$45 as Iraq Oil Flows Oil prices dropped sharply today, extending losses to a third day as a more optimistic Iraq export picture helped partly unwind some supply worries.	2
Brown returns to steer Pistons past Timberwolves There was an elevated chair in front of the Detroit Pistons bench for head coach Larry Brown and his still-on-the-mend left hip. It was there to provide him with added 	1
Euro parliament approves new commission The European Parliament in Brussels approved a new team of EU commissioners Thursday with 66 percent of members in favor, the BBC reported.	0
Fuel Prices, Low Fares Batter Airlines  CHICAGO (Reuters) - The twin burdens of soaring fuel prices  and slipping airfares clobbered the airline industry again in  the third quarter, leaving three of the top four U.S. carriers  to post quarterly losses on Wednesday.	2
BAE First-Half Loss Widens on Goodwill Writedowns (Update4) BAE Systems Plc, Europe #39;s largest defense company, said its first-half loss widened as it wrote down goodwill in its avionics and defense-electronics units.	2
Bayern gets redemption Bremen, Germany (Sports Network) - Bayern Munich exacted some revenge Saturday afternoon with a 2-1 win over defending Bundesliga champions Werder Bremen.	1
Fighting breaks out in Gaza strip Palestinian gunmen have confronted a column of Israeli armoured vehicles in the Gaza Strip, sparking a fierce firefight which has left at least one dead and five wounded.	0
Britain, Ireland push for Northern Ireland deal At a fairytale English castle, the prime ministers of Britain and Ireland will this week attempt to broker an unlikely marriage of convenience between the two extremes of Northern Irish politics.	0
Indonesia orders security clampdown after terror attack warnings JAKARTA: Indonesian authorities on Thursday ordered a nationwide security crackdown after several foreign governments warned that terrorists were preparing to launch attacks against Western targets ahead of Christmas.	0
EU Makes Final Nuke Offer to Iran Thursday-Diplomats Officials from France, Britain and Germany will meet Iran #39;s top nuclear negotiator in Vienna on Thursday to offer Tehran a final chance to halt uranium enrichment plans or face possible UN sanctions, diplomats say.	0
PluggedIn: Wireless Companies Chat Up Teens, Young Adults  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The wireless industry, not content  with getting corporate executives addicted to e-mail on the go,  is setting its sights on the instant messaging generation.	3
Stealth dino A newly discovered fossil may be the remains of one of the first stealth hunters, a swimming dinosaur that could use its long neck to sneak up on prey and strike without warning.	3
US senator calls for Annan's resignation (AFP) AFP - A US senator heading a panel investigating the UN's scandal-plagued Iraq oil-for-food program called for UN chief Kofi Annan's resignation in a Wall Street Journal opinion piece.	0
Parents of Wal-Mart heiress give up rights to name arena after her JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. The University of Missouri #39;s new sports arena is looking for a new name. The Paige Sports Arena opened three weeks ago, named in honor of Wal-Mart heiress Elizabeth Paige Laurie and a gift to the school from her parents.	1
Zarqawi Aide Killed During US Air Strike WASHINGTON, Oct 26, 2004 -- Coalition forces launched precision strikes on a safe house in Fallujah early this morning, killing an associate of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi #39;s terrorist organization, military officials in Baghdad reported today.	0
England keeper James: Ill make amends against Poland LONDON: Under-fire goalkeeper David James pledged on Sunday to prove he is worth his place in Sven-Goran Erikssons team when England face Poland in a crucial World Cup qualifier tomorrow.	1
Japan, ASEAN agree to start FTA negotiations next April JAKARTA - Japan and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations agreed Saturday to launch negotiations for a free trade agreement in April next year, Japanese officials said.	2
Not looking down at UMass The game came about because both sides had wants and needs. Boston College wanted a fifth home game; the University of Massachusetts needed to pump revenue into its cash-strapped football program.	1
Myskina salvages Fed Cup tie for Russia vs. France MOSCOW -- French Open champion Anastasia Myskina pulled Russia into a 1-1 tie with defending champion France at the Fed Cup final Saturday after US Open winner Svetlana Kuznetsova lost the first singles match.	1
NASD Warns of Risky Home-Equity Investing (Reuters) Reuters - Too many house-rich Americans are\borrowing money against their homes to play the stock market,\brokerages regulator NASD warned on Wednesday.	2
Accord Reached on Overhauling U.S. Intelligence The agreement will allow passage of a bill to enact the major recommendations of the independent Sept. 11 commission.	0
Two Russian Planes Crash, 89 Die, After Hijack Alarm (Update7) Two Russian passenger airliners from Moscow crashed within minutes of each other, killing all 89 passengers and crew, the greatest number of civilian Russian air deaths in a single day for more than three years.	0
EU Court to Revisit WorldCom's Deals (Reuters) Reuters - A European Union court is set to rule\this week on a  #36;120 billion deal MCI-WorldCom made during the\height of the go-go years that still resonates today.	2
London judge seeks explanation after Indian deported despite court order (AFP) AFP - A High Court judge in London demanded an explanation from the Home Office as to how a failed asylum-seeker was deported from Britain despite a court order preventing the move.	0
Colombian Drug Kingpin Extradited to U.S (AP) AP - Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela, the most powerful Colombian drug trafficker ever extradited to the United States, said he was innocent in an interview made shortly before he was flown to Miami over ther weekend.	0
Shipment of Bomb-Grade Plutonium Reaches France  CHERBOURG, France (Reuters) - A shipment of 308 pounds of  U.S. weapons-grade plutonium arrived in the French port of  Cherbourg Wednesday, despite protests by anti-nuclear  campaigners who fear it is vulnerable to a terrorist attack.	0
Drug-loaded contact lenses to treat eye diseases When a person suffers from eye ailments today, nine times out of ten, he will be prescribed eye drops to treat his illness or relieve his discomfort.	3
Martin Is Determined to Remain Competitive Mark Martin, who with 533 consecutive starts trails only two active drivers, is proud to say he is not just sticking around to pick up lucrative checks with lackluster performances.	1
Lehmann suffers hamstring injury in Nagpur test Australia batsman Darren Lehmann sustained a hamstring tear on the first day of the third test against India on Tuesday which could sideline him for the rest of the match.	1
AL Wrap: Schilling Helps Red Sox Keep Heat on Yankees (Reuters) Reuters - Curt Schilling won his major league\leading 18th game and David Ortiz hit his 35th home run as the\Boston Red Sox edged the Texas Rangers 6-5 in American League\at Fenway Park Sunday.	1
How Safe Is a Roller Coaster in the Sky? (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Last week's nbsp;announcement nbsp;by the Zero \Gravity Corporation that it would be offering weightless flights to paying \customers was good news for thrill seekers. nbsp; Those who sign up for the \experience will be treated to several stomach-rolling climbs and drops. nbsp; \Although the planes used are slightly modified commercial planes, tests have \shown that they can manage the demanding maneuvers.	3
Gaza Gunmen Seize Governor's Office in Protest (Reuters) Reuters - Masked gunmen occupied the Palestinian\governor's office in a southern Gaza Strip town on Sunday,\demanding compensation for Israeli raids in a protest that\added to signs of growing lawlessness.	0
Leeds to sell Elland Road as taekover deal collapses Leeds United, one of the great names in English soccer, said on Friday they were close to selling their Elland Road stadium after ending takeover talks with a British-American consortium.	1
Lomu Says Kidney Transplant Working, Targets Rugby World Cup Jonah Lomu, the leading try scorer in rugby World Cups, said he #39;s returning to full health after a kidney transplant six weeks ago.	1
Intel Readies Centrino-Style Push for Desktops (Reuters) Reuters - Intel Corp.  will unveil\next year a bundle of chips designed for home entertainment\computers, and support the move with a branding campaign\modeled on the successful launch of its Centrino chips for\notebook computers, a person briefed on the matter said.	3
Sauber switch to Michelin tyres Formula One outfit Sauber will switch to Michelin tyres next season after six seasons using Bridgestones. The Swiss team #39;s move means Ferrari are the only top team contracted to Bridgestone although Jordan and Minardi both used them in 2004.	1
Phelps, U.S. Win Men's 4x200 Freestyle Relay  ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps led the United States to  a narrow victory in the men's 4x200 meters freestyle relay at  the Athens Olympics Tuesday to collect his third gold medal in  four days.	1
Group to Propose New High-Speed Wireless Format (Reuters) Reuters - A group of technology companies\including Texas Instruments Inc. (TXN.N), STMicroelectronics\(STM.PA) and Broadcom Corp. (BRCM.O), on Thursday said they\will propose a new wireless networking standard up to 10 times\the speed of the current generation.	3
Livewire: Today's Pop Stars in It for the URLs (Reuters) Reuters - British rock band Marillion has gone a step further. Since\striking off on its own in 2000, the band has used its online\site, http://marillion.com, to raise over 500,000 pounds\( #36;913,200) from fans to finance its last two albums and support\its first North American tour since 1995.	3
FCC approves Cingular/AWS merger WASHINGTON-The Federal Communications Commission today conditionally approved the \$41 billion merger of Cingular Wireless LLC and AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.	2
United Says Pensions' Termination Likely Cash-strapped UAL Corp., parent of United Airlines, continues efforts to further cut costs and emerge from bankruptcy.	2
U.S. Warlanes Strike Sadr City in Baghdad The Thursday morning operation aimed at the large Shiite Muslim slum is part of an effort to dismantle the militia loyal to rebel cleric Moqtada Sadr.	0
EU to end Libya arms embargo The European Union has agreed to lift an arms embargo on Libya after pressure from Italy, which said the North African country needed better equipment to tackle illegal migrants.	0
Akhtar faces misconduct charge Shoaib Akhtar has been charged with level one misconduct for pointing Matthew Hayden towards the dressing room when he trapped him lbw in the first Test at the WACA yesterday.	1
General appointed new Burmese PM A senior figure in the Burmese military has been appointed to replace the prime minister, Khin Nyunt, Burmese state media has reported.	0
Give back the gold If something looks too good to be true, it probably is. That seems to be the case with US gymnast Paul Hamm #39;s miraculous gold-medal win at the Athens Olympics.	1
Student group grabbing Ukrainian spotlight ahead of presidential election (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KYIV, Ukraine (AP) - Their name means ""It's Time."" Their slogan shows a ticking clock, and their ability to bring thousands of students to the streets is spooking the government as the country prepares for Sunday's pivotal presidential election.	0
A Former Abbott Executive Hired as Human Genome Chief Human Genome Sciences plans to announce that H. Thomas Watkins, a former Abbott Laboratories executive, will be its new chief.	3
Martz gets mad and Rams get even ST. LOUIS -- Mike Martz #39;s week of anger was no empty display. He saw the season slipping away for the defending NFC West champions and thought taking potshots at his players might be his best shot at turning things around.	1
Europe fly out on the wings of form The suspicion that the European members of the Ryder Cup team are in better current form than their American counterparts hardened into a certainty over the weekend.	1
Rwanda sends reinforcements to African Union mission in Darfur EL FASHER, Sudan, Oct 30 (AFP) -- Sixty-five Rwandan troops arrived in the the Darfur town of El Fasher as part of a growing African Union (AU) military mission charged with monitoring a shaky ceasefire in the troubled region of western Sudan, an AFP 	0
New York Leads US in Taxes, Tennessee Is Last New Yorkers pay the highest state and local taxes in the nation, shelling out nearly \$131 for every \$1,000 of income in 2002, according to a new study.	2
Prime time, slime time I know you don #39;t care about people like me. Actually, you and the rest of the entertainment history don #39;t care about people, period.	1
McNabb Helps Eagles Beat Lions, Reach 3-0: NFL Week 3 (Update1) Donovan McNabb passed for two touchdowns and ran for a third to give the Philadelphia Eagles a 30-13 victory over the Detroit Lions and their first 3-0 start since 1993.	1
M amp;T Bank Posts Higher 3Q Profit M amp;T Bank Corp. said Tuesday that its profit jumped 19 percent for the quarter ended Sept. 30, helped by a slight rise in interest income and loans during the period.	2
S amp;P Lowers Ratings on BellSouth, SBC On September 28, 2004, Standard  amp; Poor #39;s Ratings Services lowered its ratings on regional Bell operating companies (RBOCs) BellSouth (BLS ) and SBC Communications (SBC ) and their jointly-owned affiliate, Cingular Wireless.	2
Bush Wants Baseball to Work Out Steroids Problem (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush wants Major League\Baseball management and players to come up with a tough\steroids testing program on their own and believes progress is\being made, his spokesman said on Wednesday.	1
