exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as kerrigan's platinum-blonde hair .	0
romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .	1
like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything's in place but something's just a little off-kilter .	0
audiences will find no mention of political prisoners or persecutions that might paint the castro regime in less than saintly tones .	0
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .	1
the film makes a fatal mistake : it asks us to care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life .	0
there is nothing outstanding about this film , but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine .	1
an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .	1
the film oozes craft .	1
in some ways , lagaan is quintessential bollywood . except it's much , much better .	1
it is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .	1
jacquot's rendering of puccini's tale of devotion and double-cross is more than just a filmed opera . in his first stab at the form , jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically .	0
the master of disguise is awful . it's pauly shore awful . don't say you weren't warned .	0
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale	0
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache .	1
despite besson's high-profile name being wasabi's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film's thoroughly winning tone .	1
miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .	1
the film seems all but destined to pop up on a television screen in the background of a scene in a future quentin tarantino picture	0
ramsay , as in ratcatcher , remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid .	1
open-minded kids -- kids who read , kids who dream -- will be comforted by the way it deals with big issues like death and destiny .	1
although what time offers tsai's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .	1
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .	1
it's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .	1
the piano teacher is the sort of movie that discourages american audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film .	0
competently directed but terminally cute drama .	0
will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible qatsi siblings .	0
y tu mamá también is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt .	1
not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral--and , hence , more chillingly effective .	1
an unwise amalgam of broadcast news and vibes .	0
[fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall] show us the world they love and make us love it , too .	1
 " looking for leonard " just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .	0
if reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show isn't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time .	1
finally coming down off of miramax's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , waking up in reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .	0
one from the heart .	1
[sports] admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .	1
even if you don't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .	1
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride . this is a more fascinating look at the future than " bladerunner " and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .	1
with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path .	0
uneven but a lot of fun .	1
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .	0
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strength .	1
most of the supporting characters in eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots . this one's weaker than most .	0
trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere .	0
insanely hilarious ! i haven't laughed that hard in years !	1
the smash 'em-up , crash 'em-up , shoot 'em-up ending comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense .	0
an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .	1
 . . . the implication is kissinger may have decided that when it comes to truncheoning it's better to give than to receive .	1
 " nicholas nickleby " is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there's no new " a christmas carol " out in the theaters this year . charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .	1
this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .	0
the result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .	0
it looks much more like a cartoon in the end than the simpsons ever has .	0
the impact of the armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day .	0
montias . . . pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters .	1
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .	1
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr . besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms . shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .	0
lacks heart , depth and , most of all , purpose .	0
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products .	0
like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .	1
showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant " if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny " syndrome .	0
for a film that celebrates radical , nonconformist values , what to do in case of fire ? lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .	0
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny . a little uneven to be the cat's meow , but it's good enough to be the purr .	1
in both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you . you end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that .	0
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton's ever-watchful gaze -- and it's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .	1
 " spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff . if you're a comic fan , you can't miss it . if you're not , you'll still have a good time . "	1
there's not enough to sustain the comedy .	0
piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .	1
earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock .	0
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .	1
a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .	1
[reno] delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .	1
argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .	1
the santa clause 2's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .	0
the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally couldn't care less .	1
[lin chung's] voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .	0
the premise is overshadowed by the uberviolence of the clericks as this becomes just another kung-fu sci-fi movie with silly action sequences .	0
it's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work .	1
spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .	1
this tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer's star trek vi : the undiscovered country .	1
 " bad " is the operative word for " bad company , " and i don't mean that in a good way .	0
half submarine flick , half ghost story , all in one criminally neglected film	1
although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .	1
unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .	1
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .	0
for all its surface frenzy , high crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer .	0
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve . . . as far as art is concerned , it's mission accomplished .	1
 . . . expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .	0
loud , silly , stupid and pointless .	0
visually striking and viscerally repellent .	1
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .	0
if the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic heaven will quite likely be more like hell .	0
 . . . only bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction .	1
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean's themes without being a true adaptation of her book .	1
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego doesn't always go hand in hand with talent .	0
solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .	1
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .	1
too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging . . . the isle defies an easy categorization .	0
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman's similarly updated 1970 british production .	1
creeps you out in high style , even if nakata did it better .	1
what was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian .	0
stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall's intense freight train of a film .	1
khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .	1
sean penn , you owe nicolas cage an apology .	1
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever . he has a great cast and a great idea . but the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .	0
 . . . is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ? you bet there is and it's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .	1
muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss . . . provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .	1
they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .	0
rarely , a movie is more than a movie . go .	1
i'm not suggesting that you actually see it , unless you're the kind of person who has seen every wim wenders film of the '70s .	0
the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki's spirited away survives intact in bv's re-voiced version .	1
the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle .	0
bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .	1
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately . . . dare i say , entertaining !	1
while there are times when the film's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it doesn't .	1
many shallower movies these days seem too long , but this one is egregiously short .	0
elicits more groans from the audience than jar jar binks , scrappy doo and scooby dumb , all wrapped up into one .	0
never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful .	0
its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ?	0
like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , john q . is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause .	0
i have no problem with " difficult " movies , or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out . but first , you have to give the audience a reason to <b>want</b> to put for that effort , and " i	0
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like " the addams family " to everyone looking in . . . " my big fat greek wedding " comes from the heart . . .	1
neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .	1
starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .	0
despite her relentless vim and winsome facial symmetry , witherspoon is just too dialed-up to be america's sweetheart .	0
offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy , treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented .	0
if the count of monte cristo doesn't transform caviezel into a movie star , then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago .	1
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .	0
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .	1
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance .	1
while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for blade ii .	1
there's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . and yet , it still works .	1
it's a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force .	1
blue crush is as predictable as the tides . . . . the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .	0
an uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously .	0
only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience .	0
a lovely film . . . elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic . . . hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source's complexity .	1
on this tricky topic , tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion .	1
we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .	1
as original and insightful as last week's episode of behind the music .	0
it's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .	1
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .	1
murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy . . .	1
i've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie .	1
the humor isn't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . but it could have been worse .	0
most folks with a real stake in the american sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant .	0
`matrix'-style massacres erupt throughout . . . but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy .	0
the twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists are getting irritating , and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows .	0
liman , of swingers and go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase .	0
chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer .	1
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys' direction is clever and insightful .	1
there is greatness here .	1
basically a static series of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent ) raps between the stars .	0
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .	1
thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .	1
not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .	0
the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) .	0
there's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .	0
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .	0
maud and roland's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but labute pulls off a neater trick in possession : he makes language sexy .	1
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of 'ethnic cleansing . '	1
maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements .	1
comes across as a fairly weak retooling .	0
though harris is affecting at times , he cannot overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .	0
this is not a jackie chan movie . it's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it . and that makes all the difference .	0
borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu .	0
there's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .	1
a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be .	0
entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .	0
another big , dumb action movie in the vein of xxx , the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through .	0
kinnear doesn't aim for our sympathy , but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth .	1
in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .	1
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner .	0
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .	1
you live the mood rather than savour the story .	1
hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock's imaginative flight to shyamalan's self-important summer fluff .	0
the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .	0
the performances are remarkable .	1
the makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep . i like frank the pug , though .	0
it takes you somewhere you're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it's surprisingly old-fashioned .	0
delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .	1
while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer's appetite , the film's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving .	1
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .	1
as pedestrian as they come .	0
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .	1
while undisputed isn't exactly a high , it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes mr . hill higher than he's been in a while .	1
despite the evocative aesthetics evincing the hollow state of modern love life , the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine .	0
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music .	1
as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .	1
the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm .	0
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .	1
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul's-eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case .	1
oh , james ! your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna's cameo doesn't suck !	1
i spied with my little eye . . . a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits	0
maybe thomas wolfe was right : you can't go home again .	1
a film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not .	0
the skills of a calculus major at m . i . t . are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ?	0
australian filmmaker david flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .	1
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .	0
there is no entry portal in the rules of attraction , and i spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters .	0
the feature-length stretch . . . strains the show's concept .	0
a moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , solaris is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate .	1
the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .	1
adaptation's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .	1
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist .	1
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west .	0
seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what's left of his passe' chopsocky glory .	0
i'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it doesn't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks .	0
it's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .	0
if the film's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .	1
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .	0
if legendary shlockmeister ed wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from anne rice's novel the vampire chronicles .	0
i prefer soderbergh's concentration on his two lovers over tarkovsky's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies .	1
it just may inspire a few younger moviegoers to read stevenson's book , which is a treasure in and of itself .	1
the year's greatest adventure , and jackson's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .	1
a family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .	0
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .	0
hollywood ending just isn't very funny .	0
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .	0
shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .	1
the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries .	1
all in all , a great party .	1
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera . . . more salacious telenovela than serious drama .	0
the movie's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman's barking-mad taylor to thewlis's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell's hard-eyed gangster .	1
a real clunker . a well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless .	0
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .	1
the plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .	0
it celebrates the group's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his 'angels of light . '	1
the movie turns out to be [assayas'] homage to the gallic 'tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness .	0
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that's giving it the old college try .	0
jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .	0
it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .	1
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .	0
a little too pat for its own good .	0
hoffman's performance is authentic to the core of his being .	1
i am sorry that i was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy .	0
to work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer . that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .	0
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .	1
broomfield's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .	0
with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable . with freeman and judd , i'll at least remember their characters .	1
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i can't remember a single name responsible for it .	0
the issue of faith is not explored very deeply	0
no aspirations to social import inform the movie version . this is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .	0
it's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix's .	0
gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable .	0
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece	1
writer/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results .	0
it's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it doesn't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor .	0
the only thing to fear about " fear dot com " is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .	0
despite the film's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character's gripping humanity .	1
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was . . . hence , storytelling is far more appealing .	1
 . . . while dark water isn't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .	1
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .	1
a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .	1
more trifle than triumph .	0
minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report .	0
sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance .	0
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .	0
a preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in brooklyn circa 1958 .	0
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .	1
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .	1
falls neatly into the category of good stupid fun .	1
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin .	1
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .	0
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .	1
elegant and eloquent [meditation] on death and that most elusive of passions , love .	1
theology aside , why put someone who ultimately doesn't learn at the center of a kids' story ?	0
the re-release of ron howard's apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .	1
nothing about it fits .	0
 . . . turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock .	0
while howard's appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast .	0
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .	1
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome . in the wrong hands , i . e . peploe's , it's simply unbearable	0
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai's vaunted empathy .	0
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must !	1
a relative letdown .	0
a well-intentioned effort that's still too burdened by the actor's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .	0
all in all , there's only one thing to root for : expulsion for everyone .	0
when the film ended , i felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while .	0
ostensibly celebrates middle-aged girl power , even as it presents friendship between women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive .	0
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience . but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .	1
the movie's blatant derivativeness is one reason it's so lackluster .	0
call me a cynic , but there's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .	0
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism .	0
deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness .	0
a slight but sweet film .	1
highly irritating at first , mr . koury's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .	1
it's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .	1
 " not really as bad as you might think ! "	0
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little * * * * . no cute factor here… . not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .	0
slick piece of cross-promotion .	0
scooby dooby doo / and shaggy too / you both look and sound great . / but daphne , you're too buff / fred thinks he's tough / and velma - wow , you've lost weight !	0
tends to plod .	0
as relationships shift , director robert j . siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .	1
as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan's gifts , which are such that we'll keep watching the skies for his next project .	1
can't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ? try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde .	0
the story . . . is moldy and obvious .	0
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we've somehow never seen before .	1
while hoffman's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere .	0
an empty , purposeless exercise .	0
taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! ) , the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .	1
not a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted .	1
it may seem long at 110 minutes if you're not a fan , because it includes segments of 12 songs at a reunion concert .	1
got a david lynch jones ? then you'd do well to check this one out because it's straight up twin peaks action . . .	1
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in about a boy .	1
despite its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of " lilo " could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script .	1
human nature initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy , but ultimately fails by spinning out of control .	0
this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .	1
shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme .	0
you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .	1
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish .	1
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one .	1
never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .	0
parris' performance is credible and remarkably mature .	1
far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features nickelodeon has made from its other animated tv series .	1
i'm afraid you won't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers b-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . rather , you'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief .	0
a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .	1
comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions . . . feel silly rather than plausible .	0
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men .	0
proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism . . . and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday's weather report .	0
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .	1
this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .	0
a twisty , moody slice of southern gothic . . .	1
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .	1
to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago . . .	0
we've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world's greatest teacher .	1
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .	1
rare birds has more than enough charm to make it memorable .	1
wes craven's presence is felt ; not the craven of 'a nightmare on elm street' or 'the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of 'deadly friend . '	0
nelson's brutally unsentimental approach . . . sucks the humanity from the film , leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle .	0
it's a lovely film with lovely performances by buy and accorsi .	1
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .	1
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it's too long and it goes nowhere .	0
simone is not a bad film . it just doesn't have anything really interesting to say .	0
nonsensical , dull " cyber-horror " flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting .	0
while it's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( sugar hill gang , etc . ) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences .	0
a grim , flat and boring werewolf movie that refuses to develop an energy level .	0
a cinematic sleeping pill of impressive potency .	0
the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .	0
just how extreme are these ops ? i regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough .	0
i found myself liking the film , though in this case one man's treasure could prove to be another man's garbage .	1
feels untidily honest .	1
something has been lost in the translation . . . another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .	0
a wordy wisp of a comedy .	0
this is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal .	1
despite slick production values and director roger michell's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .	0
late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .	1
the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .	1
more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology . . .	1
it's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner .	0
the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome .	0
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar .	0
the next generation of mob movie . part low rent godfather . part three stooges .	1
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making .	1
it's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .	0
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .	1
from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .	1
cherish would've worked a lot better had it been a short film .	0
while the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think .	0
it's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon .	1
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .	0
a supernatural mystery that doesn't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .	0
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm . . . the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .	1
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f . kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .	1
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .	1
comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .	0
a moving and important film .	1
the editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden .	0
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .	1
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .	0
in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 .	0
whether our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama isn't much of a mystery , unfortunately .	1
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway .	1
a bravura exercise in emptiness .	0
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .	0
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .	1
according to the script , grant and bullock's characters are made for each other . but you'd never guess that from the performances .	0
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .	1
munch's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters . he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities . his scenes are short and often unexpected .	1
it's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c . h . o . still feels like a promising work-in-progress .	0
[i]t's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop isn't as funny as it should be .	0
alex nohe's documentary plays like a travelogue for what mostly resembles a real-life , big-budget nc-17 version of tank girl .	0
often silly and gross but it's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .	0
as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them .	0
even if the ring has a familiar ring , it's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror .	1
jagger , stoppard and director michael apted . . . deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .	1
i'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .	0
drug abuse , infidelity and death aren't usually comedy fare , but turpin's film allows us to chuckle through the angst .	1
solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh's best films , " erin brockovich , " " out of sight " and " ocean's eleven , " never were .	0
that dogged good will of the parents and 'vain' jia's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums .	1
carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , 'if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '	0
'linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project . . . '	0
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .	1
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games .	1
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it's very much like life itself .	1
so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor .	1
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .	1
the first fatal attraction was vile enough . do we really need the tiger beat version ?	0
there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .	1
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino's performance .	1
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children's television .	1
the film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of joan's madness .	1
this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he's already done way too often .	0
the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .	1
the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .	0
apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen .	1
do not see this film .	0
one of the greatest films i've ever seen .	1
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing .	1
sweetly sexy , funny and touching .	1
bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .	0
exhilarating but blatantly biased .	1
works because we're never sure if ohlinger's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks .	1
the casting of raymond j . barry as the 'assassin' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger's impressive fake documentary .	1
humor in i spy is so anemic .	0
in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled .	0
for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .	0
the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments .	0
jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .	1
it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .	1
i don't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but don't treat me like a fool .	0
in a way , the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in .	1
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .	1
ice cube isn't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin .	0
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement .	1
report card : doesn't live up to the exalted tagline - there's definite room for improvement . doesn't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) .	0
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .	1
first good , then bothersome . excellent acting and direction .	0
whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .	1
there's a lot to recommend read my lips .	1
cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .	1
vaguely interesting , but it's just too too much .	0
secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .	1
a dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours . . . a cacophony of pretentious , meaningless prattle .	0
 . . . manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .	1
an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions .	0
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop . it's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .	1
renner ? s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his performance . see it for his performance if nothing else .	1
vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women .	1
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .	1
there has to be a few advantages to never growing old . like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you're over 100 .	1
 . . . while the humor aspects of 'jason x' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks .	0
the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor . a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda .	1
dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .	1
this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .	0
the film has several strong performances .	1
the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael .	1
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !	0
there are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies .	0
as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .	0
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .	1
a benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion .	0
 . . . an enjoyably frothy 'date movie' . . .	1
it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .	0
this tuxedo . . . should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .	0
as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .	1
a dreary rip-off of goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for hispanic americans .	0
a tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .	1
i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .	1
watching " ending " is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor's garage sale . you can't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .	0
if you're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere .	0
for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .	1
not a strike against yang's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ? to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached .	1
provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all .	1
[has] an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it's all true .	1
dull , if not devoid of wit , this shaggy dog longs to frisk through the back alleys of history , but scarcely manages more than a modest , snoozy charm .	0
'[hopkins]doesn't so much phone in his performance as fax it . no , even that's too committed . he gets his secretary to fax it . "	0
a singularly off-putting romantic comedy .	0
impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie doesn't quite fly . for starters , the story is just too slim .	0
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .	0
despite its flaws . . . belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .	1
for 95 often hilarious minutes , [cho] riffs on the diciness of colonics , on straight versus gay personal ads , on how men would act if they had periods , and on the perils of a certain outré sexual practice .	1
although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .	1
a tv style murder mystery with a few big screen moments ( including one that seems to be made for a different film altogether ) .	0
unlike trey parker , sandler doesn't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .	0
i can't remember the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .	0
it's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits . if only it had the story to match .	1
showtime isn't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .	0
the romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be .	0
as an actor , the rock is aptly named .	0
chai's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .	0
instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life .	1
if you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in , sweet home alabama is diverting in the manner of jeff foxworthy's stand-up act .	1
with not a lot of help from the screenplay ( proficient , but singularly cursory ) , [testud] acts with the feral intensity of the young bette davis .	1
a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half .	0
a wry , affectionate delight .	1
what's infuriating about full frontal is that it's too close to real life to make sense . what's invigorating about it is that it doesn't give a damn .	1
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .	0
 . . . begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .	1
although . . . visually striking and slickly staged , it's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .	0
oops , she's really done it this time . that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .	0
if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .	1
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i'm all for that .	1
unlike the speedy wham-bam effect of most hollywood offerings , character development -- and more importantly , character empathy -- is at the heart of italian for beginners .	1
its maker , steven spielberg , hasn't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray .	1
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you've been sitting still .	0
though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .	1
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored . . . audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .	1
blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky " pretty woman " retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .	0
de ayala is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter .	0
there's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and the count of monte cristo . . . never quite settles on either side .	0
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .	0
