comes ... uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief .	0
jason x is positively anti-darwinian : nine sequels and 400 years later , the teens are none the wiser and jason still kills on auto-pilot .	0
whaley 's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting .	0
big fat waste of time .	0
immersing us in the endlessly inventive , fiercely competitive world of hip-hop djs , the project is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you itch .	1
and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea .	0
it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen .	0
a swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith .	1
what is 100 % missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting .	0
although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches , the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women .	1
in an effort , i suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy .	0
stealing harvard is evidence that the farrelly bros. -- peter and bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with green 's half-hearted movie career .	0
audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she 's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amélie .	1
brilliantly explores the conflict between following one 's heart and following the demands of tradition .	1
every nanosecond of the the new guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable .	0
if you 're hard up for raunchy college humor , this is your ticket right here .	1
despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed .	1
not since japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa 's ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur .	1
... routine , harmless diversion and little else .	1
teen movies have really hit the skids .	0
excessive , profane , packed with cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters .	0
in a way , the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in .	1
as the latest bid in the tv-to-movie franchise game , i spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor .	0
prurient playthings aside , there 's little to love about this english trifle .	0
verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies .	0
... plays like somebody spliced random moments of a chris rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller .	0
a sequence of ridiculous shoot - 'em - up scenes .	0
binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .	1
not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions .	0
without ever becoming didactic , director carlos carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality .	1
it 's a scattershot affair , but when it hits its mark it 's brilliant .	1
an effectively creepy , fear-inducing (not fear-reducing) film from japanese director hideo nakata , who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it .	1
one of those pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution .	0
the film is powerful , accessible and funny .	1
what the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action .	1
a hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the mason-dixon line .	0
... designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , `` crossroads '' instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns .	0
a better title , for all concerned , might be swept under the rug .	0
the plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience 's chain .	0
it all adds up to good fun .	1
a woman 's pic directed with resonance by ilya chaiken .	1
... a magnificent drama well worth tracking down .	1
dazzles with its fully-written characters , its determined stylishness (which always relates to characters and story) and johnny dankworth 's best soundtrack in years .	1
yakusho and shimizu ... create engaging characterizations in imamura 's lively and enjoyable cultural mix .	1
i do n't think i laughed out loud once .	0
a rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers .	1
but it could have been worse .	0
and that 's a big part of why we go to the movies .	1
it 's fascinating to see how bettany and mcdowell play off each other .	1
vera 's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them .	0
a must-see for the david mamet enthusiast and for anyone who appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking .	1
a coarse and stupid gross-out .	0
it 's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it does n't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks .	0
a giggle a minute .	1
good film , but very glum .	1
this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world .	1
the very definition of the ` small ' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher .	1
the minor figures surrounding (bobby) ... form a gritty urban mosaic .	1
unfortunately , it 's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .	0
the format gets used best ... to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and bmx riders , whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups .	1
a lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j.m. barrie 's peter pan .	0
nicks , seemingly uncertain what 's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy .	0
blanchett 's performance confirms her power once again .	1
a great ensemble cast ca n't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar .	0
it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right .	1
they should have called it gutterball .	0
the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately do n't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays .	0
with the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by cedric the entertainer as perry 's boss , there is n't a redeeming moment here .	0
montias ... pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters .	1
birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments .	1
beautifully observed , miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama .	1
richard gere and diane lane put in fine performances as does french actor oliver martinez .	1
the movie is n't just hilarious : it 's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it is n't even all that dumb .	1
there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through .	0
gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive .	1
good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back !	1
it 's of the quality of a lesser harrison ford movie - six days , seven nights , maybe , or that dreadful sabrina remake .	0
cq 's reflection of artists and the love of cinema-and-self suggests nothing less than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best european directors .	1
scooby dooby doo \/ and shaggy too \/ you both look and sound great .	1
the reality of the new live-action pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque .	0
although german cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world 's best cuisine , mostly martha could make deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists .	1
light years \/ several warp speeds \/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection .	1
something akin to a japanese alice through the looking glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously .	1
the problem with this film is that it lacks focus .	0
hilariously inept and ridiculous .	1
that 's a cheat .	0
there is n't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients .	0
it all feels like a monty python sketch gone horribly wrong .	0
attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience .	0
for the most part stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .	1
or emptying rat traps .	0
... turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock .	0
warm water under a red bridge is a quirky and poignant japanese film that explores the fascinating connections between women , water , nature , and sexuality .	1
broomfield turns his distinctive ` blundering ' style into something that could really help clear up the case .	1
velocity represents everything wrong with '' independent film '' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene .	0
involves two mysteries -- one it gives away and the other featuring such badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters .	0
true tale of courage -- and complicity -- at auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable .	1
there is very little dread or apprehension , and though i like the creepy ideas , they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill .	0
majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places .	1
it 's hard to imagine alan arkin being better than he is in this performance .	1
not since tom cruise in risky business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear .	1
almost gags on its own gore .	0
... a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause .	0
the primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants .	1
this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming .	1
the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as ... (quills) did by showing them .	1
it 's another video movie photographed like a film , with the bad lighting that 's often written off as indie film naturalism .	0
we have n't seen such hilarity since say it is n't so !	1
there is nothing outstanding about this film , but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine .	1
rare birds has more than enough charm to make it memorable .	1
if your taste runs to ` difficult ' films you absolutely ca n't miss it .	1
it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study .	1
a tv style murder mystery with a few big screen moments (including one that seems to be made for a different film altogether) .	0
it 's like watching a nightmare made flesh .	0
does little more than play an innocuous game of fill-in - the-blanks with a tragic past .	0
or doing last year 's taxes with your ex-wife .	0
the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor .	1
good car chases , great fight scenes , and a distinctive blend of european , american and asian influences .	1
a tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty .	1
a marvel like none you 've seen .	1
a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes .	0
the socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides ... (and) personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy .	1
there 's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino 's characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television .	0
the old-world - meets-new mesh is incarnated in the movie 's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco bollywood that , by the end of monsoon wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater .	1
bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the era 's creme de la celluloid .	1
a delightful coming-of-age story .	1
it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes .	0
this is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director dario argento (a producer here) , but her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic .	1
about a manga-like heroine who fights back at her abusers , it 's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological .	1
bleakly funny , its characters all the more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves .	1
filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels .	1
a fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie .	1
a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow .	1
the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and did n't reserve enough for his second .	0
(lawrence bounces) all over the stage , dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place .	1
it 's so mediocre , despite the dynamic duo on the marquee , that we just ca n't get no satisfaction .	0
the movie 's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach .	0
i got a headache watching this meaningless downer .	0
a tender , heartfelt family drama .	1
the end result is a film that 's neither .	0
the son 's room is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos .	1
an exquisitely crafted and acted tale .	1
all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal ca n't disguise the fact that , really , we 've been here , done that .	0
enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age .	1
the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme 's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects .	0
holm ... embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma .	1
a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original .	1
but what are adults doing in the theater at all ?	0
(director) o'fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen , but his skill at telling a story -- he also contributed to the screenplay -- falls short .	0
this surreal gilliam-esque film is also a troubling interpretation of ecclesiastes .	1
just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .	0
pumpkin means to be an outrageous dark satire on fraternity life , but its ambitions far exceed the abilities of writer adam larson broder and his co-director , tony r. abrams , in their feature debut .	0
the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries .	1
movie fans , get ready to take off ... the other direction .	0
the vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy , but the journey is far more interesting than the final destination .	1
... with `` the bourne identity '' we return to the more traditional action genre .	1
a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality .	1
offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs ... a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm .	0
highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply , but those who loved cool as ice have at last found a worthy follow-up .	1
an operatic , sprawling picture that 's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length .	1
in the end , the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director joe carnahan .	0
seldahl 's barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness .	1
this movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work .	0
i thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as i slogged my way through clockstoppers .	0
davis ... is so enamored of her own creation that she ca n't see how insufferable the character is .	0
the performances take the movie to a higher level .	1
a dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going .	0
in exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if i 'd been sitting naked on an igloo , formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey .	0
the film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens .	1
huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair .	1
exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes .	1
something like scrubbing the toilet .	0
makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience .	0
dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away .	0
even if you do n't think (kissinger 's) any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he 'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .	1
a sequel that 's much too big for its britches .	0
it will grip even viewers who are n't interested in rap , as it cuts to the heart of american society in an unnerving way .	1
a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance ...	0
no telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie .	0
as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming .	1
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity .	0
so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he 'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor .	1
not far beneath the surface , this reconfigured tale asks disturbing questions about those things we expect from military epics .	1
it takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as ` worse than expected , ' but ghost ship somehow manages to do exactly that .	0
a solid examination of the male midlife crisis .	1
no sophomore slump for director sam mendes , who segues from oscar winner to oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand .	1
basically a static series of semi-improvised (and semi-coherent) raps between the stars .	0
with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap .	0
while there 's something intrinsically funny about sir anthony hopkins saying ` get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer	1
the movie 's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast .	1
the structure the film takes may find matt damon and ben affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a good will hunting trilogy that was never planned .	1
i sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie does n't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand .	0
stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond 's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , ` tis .	1
it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so	0
an unwise amalgam of broadcast news and vibes .	0
with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge .	0
sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the wwii-era mississippi delta undermine this adaptation .	0
as vulgar as it is banal .	0
this is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .	0
zaidan 's script has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight .	0
a study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers ...	1
how do you spell cliché ?	0
like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything 's in place but something 's just a little off-kilter .	0
it 's a beautiful madness .	1
it 's everything you do n't go to the movies for .	0
it 's hampered by a lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth .	0
the special effects and many scenes of weightlessness look as good or better than in the original , while the oscar-winning sound and james horner 's rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system .	1
this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film .	0
(w) hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall 's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands .	0
should have been someone else -	0
though it 's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to leigh for actually casting people who look working-class .	1
the fly-on-the-wall method used to document rural french school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work .	1
an entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart .	1
once (kim) begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors , you may decide it 's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard .	0
though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions .	1
uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict , adolescent yearning , the roots of friendship and sexual identity .	1
so unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines .	0
may be far from the best of the series , but it 's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation .	1
all that 's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight .	0
there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer .	0
i can take infantile humor ... but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer 's diapers .	0
in all , this is a watchable movie that 's not quite the memorable experience it might have been .	0
that is a compliment to kuras and miller .	1
offers much to enjoy ... and a lot to mull over in terms of love , loyalty and the nature of staying friends .	1
it 's a lovely film with lovely performances by buy and accorsi .	1
delivers the same old same old , tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas .	0
a string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity .	0
it 's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible .	1
funny but perilously slight .	1
if there 's one thing this world needs less of , it 's movies about college that are written and directed by people who could n't pass an entrance exam .	0
a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe .	1
the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ai n't pretty .	0
a simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past .	1
there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness .	1
as a first-time director , paxton has tapped something in himself as an actor that provides frailty with its dark soul .	1
against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine .	1
every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated , and sex is currency .	0
a very well-made , funny and entertaining picture .	1
a deep and meaningful film .	1
when the film ended , i felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while .	0
if you believe any of this , i can make you a real deal on leftover enron stock that will double in value a week from friday .	0
the subtle strength of `` elling '' is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation .	1
(e) ventually , every idea in this film is flushed down the latrine of heroism .	0
it 's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue .	0
chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum .	0
a warm , funny , engaging film .	1
this movie is maddening .	0
the overall effect is less like a children 's movie than a recruitment film for future hollywood sellouts .	0
at its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .	0
` easily my choice for one of the year 's best films . '	1
shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere .	0
while locals will get a kick out of spotting cleveland sites , the rest of the world will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning coen brothers envious .	1
it 's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think .	1
add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney 's a good director .	1
every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .	0
a movie with a real anarchic flair .	1
even horror fans will most likely not find what they 're seeking with trouble every day ; the movie lacks both thrills and humor .	0
it 's a demented kitsch mess (although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative) , but it 's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year .	1
do n't be fooled by the impressive cast list - eye see you is pure junk .	0
while undisputed is n't exactly a high , it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes mr. hill higher than he 's been in a while .	1
griffiths proves she 's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession .	1
the film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of joan 's madness .	1
mr. tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and what time is it there ?	1
a rarity among recent iranian films : it 's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist 's plight .	1
just not campy enough	0
escaping the studio , piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie .	1
combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , beck seems to be under the illusion that he 's shooting the latest system of a down video .	0
not only unfunny , but downright repellent .	0
the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom .	0
this illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the holy land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath .	1
this time mr. burns is trying something in the martin scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again .	0
works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them .	0
kinnear does n't aim for our sympathy , but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth .	1
miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness .	1
it does n't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor ... it 's just plain bored .	0
a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection .	1
as ` chick flicks ' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting .	0
the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves .	0
his healthy sense of satire is light and fun ...	1
a compelling spanish film about the withering effects of jealousy in the life of a young monarch whose sexual passion for her husband becomes an obsession .	1
this is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever , but it 's certainly not a champion - the big loser is the audience .	0
may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen .	0
does paint some memorable images ... , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters	1
sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is rebecca romijn-stamos .	0
i 'd have to say the star and director are the big problems here .	0
leigh 's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom .	1
zhang ... has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast .	1
not exactly the bees knees	0
looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in jane hamilton 's exemplary costumes , rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon . '	1
coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit .	0
the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .	1
an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story .	0
it provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds .	1
it all drags on so interminably it 's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time .	0
anchored by friel and williams 's exceptional performances , the film 's power lies in its complexity .	1
reggio 's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking .	1
candid and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work .	1
the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide .	0
travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment .	1
what distinguishes time of favor from countless other thrillers is its underlying concern with the consequences of words and with the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acts .	1
manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time .	1
a celebration of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals ' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences .	1
determined to be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals , the humor did n't quite engage this adult .	0
the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess 's home video of their baby 's birth .	0
stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time .	0
uncommonly stylish but equally silly ... the picture fails to generate much suspense , nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions .	0
dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments .	1
the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .	1
the emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who 's ever had family trauma .	1
the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did .	0
the experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not .	0
it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot .	1
it 's just filler .	0
utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , roberto benigni 's pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film .	0
sit through this one , and you wo n't need a magic watch to stop time ; your dvd player will do it for you .	0
even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller 's hand often feels unsure .	0
a subtle and well-crafted (for the most part) chiller .	1
there 's no emotional pulse to solaris .	0
so , too , is this comedy about mild culture clashing in today 's new delhi .	1
does n't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces ... that raise the bar on stylized screen violence .	0
collateral damage finally delivers the goods for schwarzenegger fans .	1
but it 's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle .	0
no aspirations to social import inform the movie version .	0
we know the plot 's a little crazy , but it held my interest from start to finish .	1
that dogged good will of the parents and ` vain ' jia 's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums .	1
crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action .	1
an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce .	0
in its best moments , resembles a bad high school production of grease , without benefit of song .	0
you wonder why enough was n't just a music video rather than a full-length movie .	0
for the most part , it 's a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions .	1
not only is undercover brother as funny , if not more so , than both austin powers films , but it 's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time .	1
intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story 's least interesting subject .	1
on the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality .	0
but taken as a stylish and energetic one-shot , the queen of the damned can not be said to suck .	1
in execution , this clever idea is far less funny than the original , killers from space .	0
there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked .	0
less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins .	0
the cold turkey would 've been a far better title .	0
(d) oes n't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful .	1
uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance .	1
corpus collosum -- while undeniably interesting -- wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in .	0
it moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it does n't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the cold war datedness -- of its premise .	1
the movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate\/surf culture , the l.a. beach scene and the imaginative (and sometimes illegal) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults .	1
it treats women like idiots .	0
has a lot of the virtues of eastwood at his best .	1
tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar .	0
it seems like i have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now i ca n't wait for the sequel .	1
it 's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children .	1
the band 's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies (this one included) .	1
this piece of channel 5 grade trash is , quite frankly , an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast .	0
the film 's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go .	0
it appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen .	0
all-in-all , the film is an enjoyable and frankly told tale of a people who live among us , but not necessarily with us .	1
a quiet , pure , elliptical film	1
sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest .	0
on this tricky topic , tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion .	1
paid in full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from brian de palma 's scarface .	0
generally , clockstoppers will fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler , while happily killing 94 minutes .	1
drops you into a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why .	1
among the year 's most intriguing explorations of alientation .	1
the story and structure are well-honed .	1
further proof that the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of dubya 's axis of evil .	1
if you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters ; this one is for you .	1
directed in a paint-by-numbers manner .	0
it 's just disappointingly superficial -- a movie that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than scratch the surface .	0
just one bad idea after another .	0
there 's ... tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate .	1
inside the film 's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it 's not that , it 's the tension that keeps you in your seat .	1
a misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment .	0
unflinchingly bleak and desperate	0
... plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments .	0
has all the depth of a wading pool .	0
an infectious cultural fable with a tasty balance of family drama and frenetic comedy .	1
the movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts .	0
at the very least , if you do n't know anything about derrida when you walk into the theater , you wo n't know much more when you leave .	0
it 's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth .	1
turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting .	1
affleck and jackson are good sparring partners .	1
ramsay , as in ratcatcher , remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid .	1
i 'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film .	0
feels haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot .	0
though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn , neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining .	0
the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy .	0
the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater .	0
a science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left .	0
mcconaughey 's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script .	1
there 's something auspicious , and daring , too , about the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like steven spielberg to follow a.i. with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority .	1
worth watching for dong jie 's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change .	1
lovely and poignant .	1
it 's clear the filmmakers were n't sure where they wanted their story to go , and even more clear that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination .	0
a broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that 's pretty toxic in its own right .	0
i 'm just too bored to care .	0
it inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental ` picture shows . '	1
wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty .	0
what 's surprising about full frontal is that despite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you .	1
it can not be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull .	0
portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama .	0
american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize .	0
it just may inspire a few younger moviegoers to read stevenson 's book , which is a treasure in and of itself .	1
sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .	1
hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole ' miss in the way of story .	0
trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive .	0
the longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it 's actually pretty good in the first few minutes .	0
the vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together .	1
rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment .	0
(a) shapeless blob of desperate entertainment .	0
it 's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellor that makes this `` two weddings and a funeral '' fun .	1
you 'll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and possibly , watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea , shed an errant tear .	1
it 's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job .	0
it has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death .	0
(serry) wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition .	1
neither parker nor donovan is a typical romantic lead , but they bring a fresh , quirky charm to the formula .	1
whether writer-director anne fontaine 's film is a ghost story , an account of a nervous breakdown , a trip down memory lane , all three or none of the above , it is as seductive as it is haunting .	1
director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand .	1
for the first time in years , de niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he 's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars .	1
my thoughts were focused on the characters .	1
it 's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie .	0
writer-director 's mehta 's effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres .	1
feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work .	0
it 's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel .	0
one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals ... a psychological masterpiece .	1
still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed .	1
ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine .	0
very special effects , brilliantly bold colors and heightened reality ca n't hide the giant achilles ' heel in `` stuart little 2 `` : there 's just no story , folks .	0
forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending .	0
it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment .	0
a full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution .	1
altogether , this is successful as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece .	1
the sort of film that makes me miss hitchcock , but also feel optimistic that there 's hope for popular cinema yet .	1
woody allen 's latest is an ambling , broad comedy about all there is to love -- and hate -- about the movie biz .	1
jose campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory .	1
the humor is n't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original .	0
once the 50 year old benigni appears as the title character , we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back .	0
the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-hollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance .	1
no way i can believe this load of junk .	0
if looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , do n't settle for this imposter .	0
... an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly should n't hurt talented young gaghan 's resume .	1
adults will wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized .	0
of course , by more objective measurements it 's still quite bad .	0
for starters , the story is just too slim .	0
oscar wilde 's masterpiece , the importance of being earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century .	1
impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie does n't quite fly .	0
a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures .	1
serving sara does n't serve up a whole lot of laughs .	0
this film seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities .	0
if you dig on david mamet 's mind tricks ... rent this movie and enjoy !	1
director uwe boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback .	0
fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment .	1
fancy a real downer ?	0
a gorgeous , witty , seductive movie .	1
with rabbit-proof fence , noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie .	1
a fitfully amusing romp that , if nothing else , will appeal to fans of malcolm in the middle and its pubescent star , frankie muniz .	1
this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .	0
it 's an offbeat treat that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part .	1
nervous breakdowns are not entertaining .	0
to call the other side of heaven `` appalling '' would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be .	0
the far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past .	1
if you are an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage , then esther 's story is a compelling quest for truth .	1
if the first men in black was money , the second is small change .	0
at a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons , it 's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form 's history .	1
when leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .	0
due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director 's brother , the film trails off into inconsequentiality .	0
while the resident evil games may have set new standards for thrills , suspense , and gore for video games , the movie really only succeeds in the third of these .	0
it has the charm of the original american road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker 's motherland .	1
very bad .	0
and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new .	0
late marriage 's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep u.s. viewers off their feet .	0
thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters .	1
... a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of jean reno .	1
the weight of the piece , the unerring professionalism of the chilly production , and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic prove recommendation enough .	1
the movie is dawn of the dead crossed with john carpenter 's ghosts of mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second .	0
try as i may , i ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` thank you ! '	0
for movie lovers as well as opera lovers , tosca is a real treat .	1
an unclassifiably awful study in self - and audience-abuse .	0
nonsensical , dull `` cyber-horror '' flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting .	0
exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue , this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling .	1
the continued good chemistry between carmen and juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained .	1
smart , provocative and blisteringly funny .	1
this one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics .	0
slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschooler 's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $ 40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead ?	0
despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience .	1
there 's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of birthday girl .	1
another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues .	0
it 's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and shiner , starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that .	0
not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and daniel radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as harry , but the film conjures the magic of author j.k. rowling 's books .	1
a breezy romantic comedy that has the punch of a good sitcom , while offering exceptionally well-detailed characters .	1
charles ' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld 's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams ' attempts to get his shot at the big time .	1
it 's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman .	1
the wild thornberrys movie is a jolly surprise .	1
manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane .	0
morton uses her face and her body language to bring us morvern 's soul , even though the character is almost completely deadpan .	1
despite all evidence to the contrary , this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on tv and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults .	0
it 's like every bad idea that 's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs ' slickness and sophistication (and who knew they even had any ?) .	0
a big , gorgeous , sprawling swashbuckler that delivers its diversions in grand , uncomplicated fashion .	1
it ca n't decide if it wants to be a mystery\/thriller , a romance or a comedy .	0
thanks to scott 's charismatic roger and eisenberg 's sweet nephew , roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men .	1
with tightly organized efficiency , numerous flashbacks and a constant edge of tension , miller 's film is one of 2002 's involvingly adult surprises .	1
the film 's welcome breeziness and some unbelievably hilarious moments -- most portraying the idiocy of the film industry -- make it mostly worth the trip .	1
writer\/director joe carnahan 's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic .	1
there seems to be no clear path as to where the story 's going , or how long it 's going to take to get there .	0
