parker cannot sustain the buoyant energy level of the film's city beginnings into its country conclusion	1
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i don't think that a . c . will help this movie one bit .	1
while you have to admit it's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out " when you're a jet , you're a jet all the way , " it's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to " tonight . "	0
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .	1
in many ways , reminiscent of 1992's unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .	1
that it'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture	1
were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good , freundlich's world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year .	1
meandering , sub-aquatic mess : it's so bad it's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie .	0
director andrew niccol . . . demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame . his healthy sense of satire is light and fun . . . .	1
denis forges out of the theories of class- based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord .	1
no sophomore slump for director sam mendes , who segues from oscar winner to oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand .	1
this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade .	1
made-up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on america's skin-deep notions of pulchritude .	1
with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill .	1
what's the most positive thing that can be said about the new rob schneider vehicle ? well , it's not as pathetic as the animal .	0
van wilder brings a whole new meaning to the phrase 'comedy gag . ' at least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch .	0
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane .	0
genuinely unnerving .	1
 ( caine ) proves once again he hasn't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .	1
this is a superior horror flick .	1
maneuvers skillfully through the plot's hot brine -- until it's undone by the sogginess of its contemporary characters , and actors .	1
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital .	0
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . instead , he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .	1
diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .	1
the modern remake of dumas's story is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action .	1
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .	1
provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .	1
if you're hard up for raunchy college humor , this is your ticket right here .	1
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .	1
the film meant well in its horse tale about freedom , but wasn't able to reach the heart because it was too overbearing .	0
fails to bring as much to the table .	0
it's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you don't try to look too deep into the story	1
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .	1
most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .	0
it's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .	1
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of 'ethnic cleansing . '	1
calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment : it's more like entertainment for trolls .	0
robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side .	1
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you've been sitting still .	0
what you would end up with if you took orwell , bradbury , kafka , george lucas and the wachowski brothers and threw them into a blender . but that's just the problem with it - the director hasn't added enough of his own ingredients .	0
psychologically revealing .	1
it's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but westbrook's foundation and dalrymple's film earn their uplift .	1
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .	0
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france .	1
in the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation , like mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency .	1
[a] slummer .	0
u . s . audiences may find [attal and gainsbourg's] unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what hollywood typically concocts .	1
what might've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors .	0
a gem of a movie .	1
a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man's right to raise his own children .	1
beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes .	1
van wilder doesn't bring anything new to the proverbial table , but it does possess a coherence absent in recent crass-a-thons like tomcats , freddy got fingered , and slackers .	0
a standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for de niro's participation , would have likely wound up a tnt original .	0
while we want macdowell's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .	0
it's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .	1
a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .	1
a serviceable euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom — handguns , bmws and seaside chateaus .	1
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure .	1
a mostly tired retread of several other mob tales .	0
statham employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british .	0
as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .	0
as a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , murder by numbers fits the profile too closely .	0
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .	1
gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .	1
director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .	1
the film's performances are thrilling .	1
with rabbit-proof fence , noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie .	1
proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism . . . and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday's weather report .	0
an amalgam of the fugitive , blade runner , and total recall , only without much energy or tension .	0
weaves a spell over you , with its disturbingly close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger . but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell .	0
the film is surprisingly well-directed by brett ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act .	0
from both a great and a terrible story , mr . nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .	1
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on	0
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .	1
the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .	1
problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .	0
this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it's a taunt -a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .	1
make no mistake , ivans xtc . is a mess .	0
fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .	1
your taste for jonah - a veggie tales movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the holy spirit .	0
sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation .	1
a charming , banter-filled comedy . . . one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .	1
nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .	0
a sober and affecting chronicle of the leveling effect of loss .	1
gee , a second assassin shot kennedy ? moot point .	0
uzumaki's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse . . .	0
instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .	0
while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .	1
it's a gag that's worn a bit thin over the years , though don't ask still finds a few chuckles .	0
on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it weren't such a clever adaptation of the bard's tragic play .	1
too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than pink floyd tickets .	1
a hysterical yet humorless disquisition on the thin line between sucking face and literally sucking face .	0
writer and director otar iosseliani's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .	1
there are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances , but brown sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy .	1
to imagine the life of harry potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized woody allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is kung pow : enter the fist .	0
if this is the danish idea of a good time , prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps .	0
assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong's versatile stanley kwan .	1
nine queens is not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece , but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head .	1
a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .	1
its director's most substantial feature for some time .	1
never inspires more than an interested detachment .	0
it may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of weekend and two or three things i know about her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ?	1
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .	1
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .	1
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste .	0
two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .	0
one of the most significant moviegoing pleasures of the year .	1
an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .	1
i'm afraid you won't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers b-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . rather , you'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief .	0
dull , a road-trip movie that's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .	0
the first half bursts with a goofy energy previous disney films only used for a few minutes here and there .	1
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia's true emotions . . . but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking .	1
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .	1
eight legged freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .	1
rarely , a movie is more than a movie . go .	1
the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome .	0
what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera's attention to detail .	1
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one .	0
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations	0
michael gerbosi's script is economically packed with telling scenes .	1
let's face it -- there aren't many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if they're not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears .	0
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it's a sad , sick sight .	0
this thing works on no level whatsoever for me .	0
maid in manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road . . . but as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans' lofty expectations , the movie passes inspection .	1
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .	1
it's . . . worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .	1
for a debut film , skin of man , heart of beast feels unusually assured .	1
utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , roberto benigni's pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film .	0
one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year .	0
an almost unbearably morbid love story .	1
shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that's something i would rather live in denial about	0
in some ways , lagaan is quintessential bollywood . except it's much , much better .	1
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date .	1
the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki's spirited away survives intact in bv's re-voiced version .	1
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen .	1
although german cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world's best cuisine , mostly martha could make deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists .	1
this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .	0
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving .	0
at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it's so fascinating you won't be able to look away for a second .	1
mark wahlberg . . . may look classy in a '60s-homage pokepie hat , but as a character he's dry , dry , dry .	0
it virtually defines a comedy that's strongly mediocre , with funny bits surfacing every once in a while .	0
auto focus is not your standard hollywood bio-pic . schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .	1
every note rings false .	0
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent .	0
kept aloft largely by a comically adept ensemble .	1
not a strike against yang's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ? to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached .	1
one sloughs one's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .	0
poetry in motion captured on film . while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it's an entertaining and informative documentary .	1
[barry] gives assassin a disquieting authority .	1
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .	0
if you're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .	1
like brosnan's performance , evelyn comes from the heart .	1
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .	1
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian . . . life .	1
yes , ballistic is silly . unfortunately , it's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .	0
it's got its heart in the right place , but it also wilts after awhile .	0
irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films , but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater .	0
a movie that's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it's-funny level .	1
even if the ring has a familiar ring , it's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror .	1
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him . . . there is never really a true " us " versus " them " .	1
pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery . for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal .	0
the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .	1
if kaufman kept cameron diaz a prisoner in a cage with her ape , in his latest , he'd have them mate .	0
the whole damn thing is ripe for the jerry springer crowd . it's all pretty cynical and condescending , too .	0
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .	1
suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters , this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since it's been packaged and sold back to us by hollywood .	0
it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you . . .	1
allen se atreve a atacar , a atacarse y nos ofrece gags que van de la sonrisa a la risa de larga duración	1
something akin to a japanese alice through the looking glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously .	0
meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .	0
 . . . the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .	0
american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize . and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new .	0
you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .	1
it's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .	0
heavy-handed exercise in time-vaulting literary pretension .	0
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous . it's a masterpeice .	1
the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his .	0
k-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap hollywood tension .	0
a " home alone " film that is staged like " rosemary's baby , " but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .	0
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .	0
it's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless . indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .	1
it's a bit disappointing that it only manages to be decent instead of dead brilliant .	1
consists of a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than ali g	0
beautifully directed and convincingly acted .	1
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .	1
successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .	1
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack	1
arty gay film .	0
the year's greatest adventure , and jackson's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .	1
ultimately , sarah's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .	0
without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace .	0
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness .	0
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .	1
may not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow .	1
some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .	1
 the film is powerful , accessible and funny . you won't miss its messages , but you'll be entertained as well .	1
while the film misfires at every level , the biggest downside is the paucity of laughter in what's supposed to be a comedy .	0
each story on its own could have been expanded and worked into a compelling single feature , but in its current incarnation , storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception .	0
the story's pathetic and the gags are puerile .	0
martin scorsese cria um espetáculo visual que não possui alma - um filme esteticamente belo , mas emocionalmente frio .	0
although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love .	1
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .	1
though jackson doesn't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .	1
this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . he's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .	0
these spiders can outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds , but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining .	0
'easily my choice for one of the year's best films . '	1
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more .	1
martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more .	1
unfortunately , as a writer , mr . montias isn't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor .	0
this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc's , despite a few whopping shootouts .	0
the band performances featured in drumline are red hot . . . [but] from a mere story point of view , the film's ice cold .	0
 . . . the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .	0
characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better .	0
left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte's web of desire and desperation .	1
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that's not merely about kicking undead * * * , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .	1
shiner can certainly go the distance , but isn't world championship material	1
 . . . a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .	1
if you saw it on tv , you'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .	0
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going .	0
one of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way .	0
get out your pooper-scoopers .	0
isn't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? and it's a lousy one at that .	0
that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world's religions . this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .	1
alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .	1
if this disposable tissue has one wild card , it's john turturro , who's simply fab as a spanish butler with a foot fetish .	0
delivers the same old same old , tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas .	0
despite apparent motives to the contrary , it ends up being , like [seinfeld's] revered tv show , about pretty much nothing .	0
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .	1
good for a few unintentional laughs , " extreme ops " was obviously made for the " xxx " crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction .	0
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted " other . "	1
 . . . an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly shouldn't hurt talented young gaghan's resume .	1
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .	0
a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people .	1
though uniformly well acted , especially by young ballesta and galan ( a first-time actor ) , writer/director achero manas's film is schematic and obvious .	0
i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .	1
what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .	0
creeps you out in high style , even if nakata did it better .	1
writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .	0
the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .	0
the film doesn't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously , it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia .	0
more romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original .	1
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .	1
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates .	0
never does " lilo & stitch " reach the emotion or timelessness of disney's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as " mulan " or " tarzan . "	0
as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .	1
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .	1
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .	0
if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon didn't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it .	0
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances . . . keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .	1
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .	0
tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar .	0
although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .	1
it's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller .	1
the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks .	0
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .	1
friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans .	0
this engrossing , characteristically complex tom clancy thriller is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .	1
 . . . has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon doesn't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .	0
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .	0
too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging . . . the isle defies an easy categorization .	0
henry bean's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect	1
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film's length becomes a part of its fun .	1
clare peploe's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence .	0
even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there's something vital about the movie .	1
an enjoyable experience .	1
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .	1
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .	0
best indie of the year , so far .	1
if we're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she's french , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they're clueless and inept ?	0
even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad .	0
jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .	1
nair doesn't use [monsoon wedding] to lament the loss of culture . instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .	1
it's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it's all about the silences and if you're into that , have at it .	0
a solid film . . . but more conscientious than it is truly stirring .	0
jam-packed with literally bruising jokes . every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked .	0
this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .	0
now as a former gong show addict , i'll admit it , my only complaint is that we didn't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .	1
writer/director mark romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in america . it's a scathing portrayal .	1
life is a crock -- or something like it .	0
for 95 often hilarious minutes , [cho] riffs on the diciness of colonics , on straight versus gay personal ads , on how men would act if they had periods , and on the perils of a certain outré sexual practice .	1
candid and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work .	1
just plain silly .	0
schmaltzy and unfunny , adam sandler's cartoon about hanukkah is numbingly bad , little nicky bad , 10 worst list bad .	0
a mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes chaplin's city lights seem dispassionate by comparison .	0
how i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you're watching an iceberg melt -- only it never melts .	0
this is one of mr . chabrol's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .	1
no amount of nostalgia for carvey's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey's considerable talents are wasted in it .	0
 . . . post-september 11 , " the sum of all fears " seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .	0
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen .	1
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdy's sledgehammer sap .	0
this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . mr . scorsese's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .	1
it has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material .	0
the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .	1
screenwriter chris ver weil's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability .	0
broomfield's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .	0
both flawed and delayed , martin scorcese's gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas .	1
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it's hard not to be carried away .	1
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .	0
a compelling film .	1
 . . . stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .	0
you . . . get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .	0
the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge . a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back .	1
so routine , familiar and predictable , it raises the possibility that it wrote itself as a newly automated final draft computer program .	0
lee's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .	1
suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative . still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed .	1
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .	1
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond .	1
essentially a collection of bits -- and they're all naughty .	0
this charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make jay and silent bob's excellent adventure seem understated .	0
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group . . . and never fails to entertain .	1
generic thriller junk . teens only .	0
among the year's most intriguing explorations of alientation .	1
this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms .	1
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .	0
the film's implicit premise is that the faith of the tonga people is in every way inferior to that of john .	0
a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento . . .	1
the characters . . . are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .	0
one of the film's most effective aspects is its tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret .	1
it's a cool event for the whole family . maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .	1
arliss howard's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .	1
a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .	0
its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film .	0
a sterling film - a cross between boys don't cry , deliverance , and ode to billy joe - lies somewhere in the story of matthew shepard , but that film is yet to be made .	0
the movie is like scorsese's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old 'juvenile delinquent' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .	0
i'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls	1
there's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent .	0
all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that don't really care for the candidate they're forced to follow .	1
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .	1
as befits its title , this pg-13-rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the snuggle fabric softener bear .	0
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .	1
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one .	1
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis .	1
just like hearst's enormous yacht , it's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination .	0
i can't quite recommend it -- it's too patched together -- but i almost can ; it's the kind of movie that makes you want to like it .	0
dramatically lackluster .	0
a film in a class with spike lee's masterful do the right thing .	1
one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals . . . a psychological masterpiece .	1
ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel .	1
more dutiful than enchanting . . . terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .	0
the movie is well done , but slow .	1
it's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !	1
the film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .	0
a funny film .	1
a solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .	1
it's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script .	0
fans of plympton's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .	0
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers' hearts .	1
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller	1
together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .	1
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f . kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .	1
involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd .	0
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one's appetite for the bollywood films .	0
a long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been .	0
watching the film is like reading a times portrait of grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it .	0
halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .	0
schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character .	0
cool ? this movie is a snow emergency .	1
 . . . expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .	0
it doesn't quite deserve the gong , but there are more fascinating acts than " confessions of a dangerous mind . "	0
a minor picture with a major identity crisis -- it's sort of true and it's sort of bogus and it's ho-hum all the way through .	0
it's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth .	1
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .	1
obligada para impotentes , daneses , camareras italianas , profesores de idiomas , y todo aquel que desee una lengua para expresar su amor .	1
like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it's one tough rock .	1
a moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , solaris is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate .	1
a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .	1
feel bad for king , who's honestly trying , and schwartzman , who's shot himself in the foot .	0
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .	1
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .	1
an absurdist spider web .	1
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ? may prove to be [tsai's] masterpiece .	1
this tuxedo . . . should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .	0
the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .	1
the story the movie tells is of brian de palma's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .	0
high crimes knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and maybe that is nobility of a sort .	1
even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .	0
interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .	0
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you won't care .	1
though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions .	1
conforms itself with creating a game of 'who's who' . . . where the characters' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .	0
hollywood's answer to an air ball .	0
 . . . too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying .	0
 . . . a guiltless film for nice evening out .	1
the film's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political blair witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .	1
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .	0
84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare . it's also , clearly , great fun .	1
the average local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and small-town america .	0
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .	1
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not	1
might have been better off as a documentary , with less of mr . eyre's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage .	0
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . is one of this year's very best pictures .	1
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .	1
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 ½ weeks , unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .	1
a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you're a struggling nobody .	1
not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .	0
it's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .	1
i'd have to say the star and director are the big problems here .	0
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste .	0
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .	1
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it's simply baffling .	0
that 'alabama' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) . . .	1
the directive to protect the code at all costs also begins to blur as the importance of the man and the code merge	1
the film seems a dead weight . the lack of pace kills it , although , in a movie about cancer , this might be apt .	0
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula .	1
like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .	0
ararat feels like a book report	0
serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in america in 2002 . but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour .	0
wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy , but it isn't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited .	0
campanella's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael's evolution .	1
it's all a rather shapeless good time . . .	1
the low-budget full frontal was one of the year's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures , and solaris is its big-budget brother .	0
the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .	0
top-notch action powers this romantic drama .	1
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .	1
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .	1
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .	0
as a rumor of angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even ms . redgrave's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality .	0
you don't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that's the mark of a documentary that works .	1
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .	1
apallingly absurd . . . the chemistry or lack thereof between newton and wahlberg could turn an imax theater into a 9 " black and white portable tv .	0
'abandon all hope , ye who enter here' . . . you should definitely let dante's gloomy words be your guide .	0
' . . . the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well . . . but quite frankly , scoob and shag don't eat enough during the film . '	0
based on a david leavitt story , the film shares that writer's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness .	0
if only the story about a multi-million dollar con bothered to include the con .	0
the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .	1
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .	0
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .	0
the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take .	0
going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film .	0
the writers , director wally wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : kappa rho alpha phi .	0
those who aren't put off by the film's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .	1
[a] devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama .	1
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .	1
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .	1
it shares the first two films' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between .	0
the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .	1
this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .	1
williams absolutely nails sy's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .	1
a well-acted movie that simply doesn't gel .	0
what's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director's talent . watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .	1
the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .	1
metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .	1
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like 'masterpiece' and 'triumph' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers' time with a gobbler like this .	0
as home movie gone haywire , it's pretty enjoyable , but as sexual manifesto , i'd rather listen to old tori amos records .	1
even the finest chef can't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and robert de niro can't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy .	0
a somewhat disappointing and meandering saga .	0
what madonna does here can't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it's moving and it's talking and it's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .	0
it appears as if even the filmmakers didn't know what kind of movie they were making .	0
while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman's warmest .	1
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he can't disguise that he's spiffing up leftovers that aren't so substantial or fresh .	0
nothing more than a mediocre trifle .	0
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .	1
adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio . as for children , they won't enjoy the movie at all .	0
ali's graduation from little screen to big is far less painful than his opening scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier .	1
it's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .	1
unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . by the end you can't help but feel 'stoked . '	1
try as you might to resist , if you've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there .	1
talkiness isn't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .	0
the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie's power as a work of drama .	0
schaefer's . . . determination to inject farcical raunch . . . drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .	0
williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .	1
this movie is maddening . it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought .	0
this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .	0
plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .	1
that frenetic spectacle [on the tv show] has usually been leavened by a charm that's conspicuously missing from the girls' big-screen blowout .	0
well , it does go on forever .	0
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that's more or less how it plays out .	0
a family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .	0
one of the worst movies of the year . . . . watching it was painful .	0
if the very concept makes you nervous . . . you'll have an idea of the film's creepy , scary effectiveness .	1
a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .	1
o ótimo esforço do diretor acaba sendo frustrado pelo roteiro , que , depois de levar um bom tempo para colocar a trama em andamento , perde-se de vez a partir do instante em que os estranhos acontecimentos são explicados .	0
everything about girls can't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .	0
it's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .	1
with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .	1
the picture's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .	1
quite simply , a joy to watch and--especially--to listen to .	1
talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it's hard to stop watching .	1
all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that's both charming and well acted . it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .	1
it's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .	0
a portrait of hell so shattering it's impossible to shake .	1
well made but uninvolving , bloodwork isn't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .	0
the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .	1
[grant's] bumbling magic takes over the film , and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle .	1
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .	1
deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world .	1
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale	0
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors .	0
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series .	0
director brian levant , who never strays far from his sitcom roots , skates blithely from one implausible situation to another , pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you'll find on a french poodle .	0
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .	1
despite its raucous intent , xxx is as conventional as a nike ad and as rebellious as spring break .	0
ends up being mostly about ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and joan's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he's a disloyal satyr .	0
the beauty of alexander payne's ode to the everyman is in the details .	1
a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film .	1
if you adored the full monty so resoundingly that you're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertained .	0
an absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss .	1
full of witless jokes , dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios , and saddled with a general air of misogyny	0
even though the film doesn't manage to hit all of its marks , it's still entertaining to watch the target practice .	1
`hey arnold ! ' has some visual wit . . . but little imagination elsewhere .	0
