the reality of the new live-action pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque .	1
it 's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think .	3
who needs love like this ?	2
the longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it 's actually pretty good in the first few minutes .	1
-lrb- w -rrb- hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall 's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands .	1
which is n't to say that it 's the equal of some of its predecessors .	2
it kinda works and qualifies as cool at times , but is just too lame to work or be cool at others .	2
dilbert without the right-on satiric humor .	2
-lrb- a -rrb- n utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the disney comedies from the 60s .	4
sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .	3
there is nothing outstanding about this film , but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine .	3
deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises	4
i am sorry that i was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy .	1
the continued good chemistry between carmen and juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained .	3
sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out .	1
it 's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and shiner , starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that .	1
some of their jokes work , but most fail miserably and in the end , pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny .	1
instead of hiding pinocchio from critics , miramax should have hidden it from everyone .	0
a fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie .	4
the movie is for fans who ca n't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it .	2
i thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as i slogged my way through clockstoppers .	1
... a good , if not entirely fresh , look at war .	2
if this story must be told and retold -- and indeed it must -- then the grey zone is to be lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle .	2
a good piece of work more often than not .	3
just not campy enough	1
there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked .	0
the emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who 's ever had family trauma .	3
i got a headache watching this meaningless downer .	0
do n't be fooled by the impressive cast list - eye see you is pure junk .	0
his healthy sense of satire is light and fun ...	3
majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places .	3
with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge .	1
the result is a gaudy bag of stale candy , something from a halloween that died .	1
at the very least , if you do n't know anything about derrida when you walk into the theater , you wo n't know much more when you leave .	1
it treats women like idiots .	0
harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment .	2
for aids and africa are nothing more than part of the scenery .	2
it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment .	1
it just may inspire a few younger moviegoers to read stevenson 's book , which is a treasure in and of itself .	3
pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical .	4
the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide .	1
the best film about baseball to hit theaters since field of dreams .	4
as a rumor of angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even ms. redgrave 's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality .	0
for movie lovers as well as opera lovers , tosca is a real treat .	4
while undisputed is n't exactly a high , it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes mr. hill higher than he 's been in a while .	3
american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize .	1
verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies .	1
it 's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie .	1
`` mostly martha '' is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve for all to see .	4
it 's not that kung pow is n't funny some of the time -- it just is n't any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all oedekerk 's impish augmentation .	1
an intriguing cinematic omnibus and round-robin that occasionally is more interesting in concept than in execution .	3
if there 's one thing this world needs less of , it 's movies about college that are written and directed by people who could n't pass an entrance exam .	0
well-nigh unendurable ... though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull .	0
... is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri .	1
there are simply too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part sliding doors , part pop video -- and yet failing to exploit them .	1
burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast .	1
we learn a lot about dying coral and see a lot of life on the reef .	2
the band 's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies -lrb- this one included -rrb- .	3
it 's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here 's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role .	0
villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in bibi 's generic angst -lrb- there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows -rrb- .	1
impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie does n't quite fly .	1
it 's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there 's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong .	2
thanks to haynes ' absolute control of the film 's mood , and buoyed by three terrific performances , far from heaven actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act .	3
scooby dooby doo \/ and shaggy too \/ you both look and sound great .	3
... brian de palma is utterly mad : cinema mad , set-piece mad , style mad .	2
binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .	4
a twisty , moody slice of southern gothic ...	2
this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get .	4
partway through watching this saccharine , easter-egg-colored concoction , you realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected tv show .	0
though it 's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to leigh for actually casting people who look working-class .	3
this tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer 's star trek vi : the undiscovered country .	3
hey arnold !	2
more romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original .	4
a delightful coming-of-age story .	3
if you dig on david mamet 's mind tricks ... rent this movie and enjoy !	4
still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed .	4
far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features nickelodeon has made from its other animated tv series .	4
no one goes unindicted here , which is probably for the best .	2
a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 .	4
even in this less-than-magic kingdom , reese rules .	2
the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones .	1
makes for some truly odd , at times confusing , kids entertainment ... but at least this time there 's some centered storytelling to go along with all the weird stuff .	2
a coarse and stupid gross-out .	1
the vintage is pure ' 87 , with a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message : fatal attraction = do n't have an affair with a nutjob ; unfaithful = do n't if you 're married to one .	2
an exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir , minority report twists the best of technology around a gripping story , delivering a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order	4
broomfield turns his distinctive ` blundering ' style into something that could really help clear up the case .	3
there has always been something likable about the marquis de sade .	3
and when you 're talking about a slapstick comedy , that 's a pretty big problem .	0
some of it is clever , but it is never melodic \/	2
a string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity .	1
generally provides its target audience of youngsters enough stimulating eye and ear candy to make its moral medicine go down .	2
jason x is positively anti-darwinian : nine sequels and 400 years later , the teens are none the wiser and jason still kills on auto-pilot .	1
comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special , freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting 101 class .	0
offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs ... a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm .	1
intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story 's least interesting subject .	3
you really have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they 'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this .	0
my wife is an actress is an utterly charming french comedy that feels so american in sensibility and style it 's virtually its own hollywood remake .	4
few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands .	4
the film 's almost unbearable portrait of sadness and grief transcends its specific story to speak to the ways in which need , history and presumption tangle , and sometimes destroy , blood ties .	2
would n't one about their famous dad , author of death in venice , etc. , be more valuable ?	2
... an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly should n't hurt talented young gaghan 's resume .	3
an entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart .	3
although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play , the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs .	2
even in its most tedious scenes , russian ark is mesmerizing .	3
jaglom ... put -lrb- s -rrb- the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters	3
despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience .	3
it is amusing , and that 's all it needs to be .	4
whether you like rap music or loathe it , you ca n't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie .	3
at once half-baked and overheated .	1
something like scrubbing the toilet .	1
atom egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues	4
a densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jean-luc godard 's finest work .	4
on this tricky topic , tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion .	4
it 's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way .	1
wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty .	0
if you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters ; this one is for you .	4
though catch me if you can is n't badly made , the fun slowly leaks out of the movie .	2
the best that can be said about the work here of scottish director ritchie ... is that he obviously does n't have his heart in it .	1
a tv style murder mystery with a few big screen moments -lrb- including one that seems to be made for a different film altogether -rrb- .	1
the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom .	1
a painfully funny ode to bad behavior .	3
but it 's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle .	0
it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .	3
a gripping , searing portrait of a lost soul trying to find her way through life .	2
if looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , do n't settle for this imposter .	1
even the finest chef ca n't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and robert de niro ca n't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy .	1
the weight of the piece , the unerring professionalism of the chilly production , and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic prove recommendation enough .	3
it 's unnerving to see recoing 's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment .	2
as befits its title , this pg-13-rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the snuggle fabric softener bear .	2
it 's everything you do n't go to the movies for .	0
this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs .	1
this is as respectful a film as byatt fans could hope for , though lovers of the book may wonder why it 's necessary .	2
forgettable horror -- more gory than psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of friday-night excitement and milla power .	2
claude chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but that 's okay .	2
so , too , is this comedy about mild culture clashing in today 's new delhi .	3
drops you into a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why .	3
returning aggressively to his formula of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters , sandler , who also executive produces , has made a film that makes previous vehicles look smart and sassy .	2
exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes .	3
the next generation of mob movie .	2
the words , ` frankly , my dear , i do n't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate .	0
this piece of channel 5 grade trash is , quite frankly , an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast .	0
although german cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world 's best cuisine , mostly martha could make deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists .	3
this is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing .	1
the problem with this film is that it lacks focus .	1
a big , gorgeous , sprawling swashbuckler that delivers its diversions in grand , uncomplicated fashion .	4
it 's hampered by a lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth .	1
a woman 's pic directed with resonance by ilya chaiken .	3
it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot .	4
minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report .	3
pumpkin means to be an outrageous dark satire on fraternity life , but its ambitions far exceed the abilities of writer adam larson broder and his co-director , tony r. abrams , in their feature debut .	1
the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor .	4
this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming .	3
there 's just no currency in deriding james bond for being a clichéd , doddering , misogynistic boy 's club .	2
you wonder why enough was n't just a music video rather than a full-length movie .	1
the intent is almost exactly the same -lrb- as the full monty -rrb- .	2
it 's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible .	3
what better message than ` love thyself ' could young women of any size receive ?	3
apart from dazzling cinematography , we 've seen just about everything in blue crush in one form or the other .	2
an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story .	1
there 's no emotional pulse to solaris .	1
`` roger michell -lrb- '' notting hill `` -rrb- directs a morality thriller . ''	2
slick piece of cross-promotion .	3
it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study .	3
leigh 's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom .	4
despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed .	3
denis o'neill 's script avoids the prime sports cliche , a last-second goal to win the championship , but it neglects few others .	2
although jackson is doubtless reserving the darkest hours for the return of the king , we long for a greater sense of urgency in the here and now of the two towers .	2
delivers the same old same old , tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas .	1
what 's surprising about full frontal is that despite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you .	3
ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine .	0
one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals ... a psychological masterpiece .	4
the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as ... -lrb- quills -rrb- did by showing them .	3
the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .	4
the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it 's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge .	2
if you 're in the mood for a bollywood film , here 's one for you .	2
in all , this is a watchable movie that 's not quite the memorable experience it might have been .	1
too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging ... the isle defies an easy categorization .	1
writer\/director joe carnahan 's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic .	3
a study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers ...	3
something akin to a japanese alice through the looking glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously .	3
just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time .	2
-lrb- næs -rrb- directed the stage version of elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage .	4
but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell .	2
fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment .	3
a rarity among recent iranian films : it 's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist 's plight .	4
one of creepiest , scariest movies to come along in a long , long time , easily rivaling blair witch or the others .	3
a very well-made , funny and entertaining picture .	4
the last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the same teenage american road-trip drek we 've seen before - only this time you have to read the fart jokes	1
nonsensical , dull `` cyber-horror '' flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting .	0
it may seem long at 110 minutes if you 're not a fan , because it includes segments of 12 songs at a reunion concert .	2
the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production 's austere locales .	4
every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated , and sex is currency .	1
the film 's welcome breeziness and some unbelievably hilarious moments -- most portraying the idiocy of the film industry -- make it mostly worth the trip .	4
reggio 's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking .	3
charles ' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld 's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams ' attempts to get his shot at the big time .	3
almost gags on its own gore .	0
hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole ' miss in the way of story .	1
there 's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino 's characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television .	1
may be far from the best of the series , but it 's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation .	3
it provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds .	3
makes even the claustrophobic on-board quarters seem fun .	2
preaches to two completely different choirs at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment .	4
by the time we learn that andrew 's turnabout is fair play is every bit as awful as borchardt 's coven , we can enjoy it anyway .	2
the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him .	1
a muckraking job , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that .	2
a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures .	4
this is n't even madonna 's swept away .	1
while -lrb- hill -rrb- has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film .	1
sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance .	1
this one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics .	0
the old-world - meets-new mesh is incarnated in the movie 's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco bollywood that , by the end of monsoon wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater .	4
nothing is black and white .	2
whether writer-director anne fontaine 's film is a ghost story , an account of a nervous breakdown , a trip down memory lane , all three or none of the above , it is as seductive as it is haunting .	3
as a first-time director , paxton has tapped something in himself as an actor that provides frailty with its dark soul .	3
christina ricci comedy about sympathy , hypocrisy and love is a misfire .	2
the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme 's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects .	0
what the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action .	3
not since freddy got fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through .	0
nothing 's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away -- still , the derivative nine queens is lots of fun .	3
-lrb- serry -rrb- wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition .	3
bennett 's naturalistic performance speaks volumes more truth than any ` reality ' show , and anybody contemplating their own drastic life changes should watch some body first .	4
i can take infantile humor ... but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer 's diapers .	1
shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere .	1
feature debuter d.j. caruso directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter tony gayton 's narcotics noir to life .	4
blanchett 's performance confirms her power once again .	4
good film , but very glum .	3
holm ... embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma .	4
not since tom cruise in risky business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear .	3
harrison 's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all .	3
every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .	1
nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns .	2
they takes a long time to get to its gasp-inducing ending .	2
that 's a cheat .	1
a swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith .	3
a sober and affecting chronicle of the leveling effect of loss .	2
not exactly the bees knees	1
it 's another video movie photographed like a film , with the bad lighting that 's often written off as indie film naturalism .	1
`` the time machine '' is a movie that has no interest in itself .	0
there 's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like lavinia , to go the conservative route .	2
the film 's hackneyed message is not helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style .	0
overall the film feels like a low-budget tv pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube .	1
very bad .	0
... a story we have n't seen on the big screen before , and it 's a story that we as americans , and human beings , should know .	3
whereas last year 's exemplary sexy beast seemed to revitalize the british gangster movie , this equally brutal outing merely sustains it .	2
should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor .	2
offers much to enjoy ... and a lot to mull over in terms of love , loyalty and the nature of staying friends .	3
one of the most significant moviegoing pleasures of the year .	4
we root for -lrb- clara and paul -rrb- , even like them , though perhaps it 's an emotion closer to pity .	3
nine queens is not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece , but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head .	4
but it could have been worse .	1
... a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause .	1
manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time .	4
it 's dumb , but more importantly , it 's just not scary .	0
if it 's seldom boring , well , it 's also rarely coherent .	2
light years \/ several warp speeds \/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection .	3
even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting .	1
green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project .	0
a gorgeous , high-spirited musical from india that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama .	4
a marvel like none you 've seen .	3
it 's a much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and gibson , stepping in for bruce willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip .	3
the vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together .	3
an unpredictable blend of gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writer\/director john mckay can swallow .	2
the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure .	4
the entire movie is about a boring , sad man being boring and sad .	1
if you 've ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies , what sex with strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever .	1
and if you 're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes , you 've got ice water in your veins .	3
despite impeccable acting ... and a script that takes some rather unexpected -lrb- even , at times , preposterous -rrb- turns , love is just too , too precious in the end .	2
the so-inept - it 's - surreal dubbing -lrb- featuring the voices of glenn close , regis philbin and breckin meyer -rrb- brings back memories of cheesy old godzilla flicks .	0
all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal ca n't disguise the fact that , really , we 've been here , done that .	1
while the script starts promisingly , it loses steam towards the middle and never really develops beyond attacking obvious target .	2
... routine , harmless diversion and little else .	3
this is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .	0
historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit .	2
i 'd have to say the star and director are the big problems here .	1
schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character .	1
full of witless jokes , dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios , and saddled with a general air of misogyny	2
coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit .	1
the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately do n't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays .	1
a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking .	2
the socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides ... -lrb- and -rrb- personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy .	3
by getting myself wrapped up in the visuals and eccentricities of many of the characters , i found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie .	1
there 's a solid woman - finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you 'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it .	2
a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection .	4
whaley 's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting .	0
travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment .	3
although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds , there 's no denying the fun of watching de niro and crystal having fun .	2
socrates motions for hemlock .	2
the lower your expectations , the more you 'll enjoy it .	1
an unclassifiably awful study in self - and audience-abuse .	0
or emptying rat traps .	1
the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves .	0
another one of those estrogen overdose movies like `` divine secrets of the ya ya sisterhood , '' except that the writing , acting and character development are a lot better .	3
dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled .	0
two hours fly by -- opera 's a pleasure when you do n't have to endure intermissions -- and even a novice to the form comes away exhilarated .	4
a delirious celebration of the female orgasm .	2
as the latest bid in the tv-to-movie franchise game , i spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor .	1
allows us to hope that nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker .	3
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity .	0
i have no way of knowing exactly how much is exaggeration , but i 've got a creepy feeling that the film is closer to the mark than i want to believe .	2
it moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it does n't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the cold war datedness -- of its premise .	3
given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing soderbergh has ever done .	0
it 's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one .	1
chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum .	1
weaves a spell over you , with its disturbingly close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger .	2
it has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience .	3
ruzowitzky has taken this mothball-y stuff and made a rather sturdy , old-fashioned entertainment out of it .	2
hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people .	3
for the most part , it 's a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions .	4
-lrb- majidi -rrb- makes us think twice about immigrants we see around us every day .	2
a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton 's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana .	4
the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .	3
the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take .	0
new best friend 's playboy-mansion presentation of college life is laugh-out-loud ludicrous .	2
like the chelsea 's denizens ... burdette 's collage-form scenario tends to over-romanticize the spiritual desolation of the struggling artiste .	2
a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda .	3
when leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .	1
while the resident evil games may have set new standards for thrills , suspense , and gore for video games , the movie really only succeeds in the third of these .	1
there is a fabric of complex ideas here , and feelings that profoundly deepen them .	3
it 's made with deftly unsettling genre flair .	3
van wilder does n't bring anything new to the proverbial table , but it does possess a coherence absent in recent crass-a-thons like tomcats , freddy got fingered , and slackers .	2
a difficult , absorbing film that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than are far more pointed and clear .	3
equilibrium is what george orwell might have imagined had today 's mood-altering drug therapy been envisioned by chemists in 1949 .	2
nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay .	0
manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane .	0
just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever .	3
it 's one heck of a character study -- not of hearst or davies but of the unique relationship between them .	3
a cartoon that 's truly cinematic in scope , and a story that 's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big , four-legged herbivore .	3
warm water under a red bridge is a quirky and poignant japanese film that explores the fascinating connections between women , water , nature , and sexuality .	4
it 's a demented kitsch mess -lrb- although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative -rrb- , but it 's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year .	3
here 's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep .	0
prancing his way through the tailor-made part of a male hooker approaching the end of his vitality , jagger obviously relishes every self-mocking moment .	2
the film 's performances are thrilling .	4
chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama .	1
they should have called it gutterball .	1
stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad .	0
it does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they 're being streamed over a 28k modem .	1
a solid examination of the male midlife crisis .	3
if the first men in black was money , the second is small change .	0
this time mr. burns is trying something in the martin scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again .	1
it takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of robert forster , anne meara , eugene levy , and reginald veljohnson all in the same movie .	0
at its best , queen is campy fun like the vincent price horror classics of the '60s .	3
while there 's something intrinsically funny about sir anthony hopkins saying ` get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer	3
this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .	0
viewers of `` the ring '' are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes .	2
may not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow .	2
-lrb- e -rrb- ventually , every idea in this film is flushed down the latrine of heroism .	1
instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it 's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life .	3
trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive .	0
no telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie .	1
without ever becoming didactic , director carlos carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality .	3
as the two leads , lathan and diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers .	4
it takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as ` worse than expected , ' but ghost ship somehow manages to do exactly that .	0
filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels .	4
you wo n't like roger , but you will quickly recognize him .	1
an infectious cultural fable with a tasty balance of family drama and frenetic comedy .	3
you do n't have to know about music to appreciate the film 's easygoing blend of comedy and romance .	4
nothing more substantial than a fitfully clever doodle .	2
bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the era 's creme de la celluloid .	3
its maker , steven spielberg , has n't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray .	2
pumpkin wants to have it both ways .	2
no aspirations to social import inform the movie version .	1
looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen .	1
it 's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up .	1
a lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j.m. barrie 's peter pan .	0
lovely and poignant .	4
big fat waste of time .	0
this is a story of two misfits who do n't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent .	3
at least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch .	1
the format gets used best ... to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and bmx riders , whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups .	3
a coda in every sense , the pinochet case splits time between a minute-by-minute account of the british court 's extradition chess game and the regime 's talking-head survivors .	4
it 's a coming-of-age story we 've all seen bits of in other films -- but it 's rarely been told with such affecting grace and cultural specificity .	2
entertains by providing good , lively company .	3
his last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest has nothing going for it .	0
no screen fantasy-adventure in recent memory has the showmanship of clones ' last 45 minutes .	4
once -lrb- kim -rrb- begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors , you may decide it 's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard .	1
although there are several truly jolting scares , there 's also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at .	2
the tale of tok -lrb- andy lau -rrb- , a sleek sociopath on the trail of o -lrb- takashi sorimachi -rrb- , the most legendary of asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold .	1
a celebration of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals ' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences .	3
too often , the viewer is n't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .	0
without non-stop techno or the existential overtones of a kieslowski morality tale , maelström is just another winter sleepers .	1
for the most part stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .	3
an unwise amalgam of broadcast news and vibes .	1
the subtle strength of `` elling '' is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation .	3
-lrb- a -rrb- shapeless blob of desperate entertainment .	0
morton uses her face and her body language to bring us morvern 's soul , even though the character is almost completely deadpan .	3
one from the heart .	3
beautifully observed , miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama .	4
although huppert 's intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it , the piano teacher is anything but fun .	1
director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand .	4
... designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , `` crossroads '' instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns .	1
hoffman notches in the nuances of pain , but his smart , edgy voice and waddling profile -lrb- emphasized here -rrb- accent the humor of wilson 's plight , and that saves his pathos from drippiness .	2
davis ... is so enamored of her own creation that she ca n't see how insufferable the character is .	1
i 've always dreamed of attending cannes , but after seeing this film , it 's not that big a deal .	1
it 's a charming and often affecting journey .	4
with tightly organized efficiency , numerous flashbacks and a constant edge of tension , miller 's film is one of 2002 's involvingly adult surprises .	3
it 's a scattershot affair , but when it hits its mark it 's brilliant .	3
a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores .	4
the wild thornberrys movie is a jolly surprise .	3
if you believe any of this , i can make you a real deal on leftover enron stock that will double in value a week from friday .	1
good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back !	3
this remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise : al pacino loathing robin williams .	2
there 's ... tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate .	3
when the film ended , i felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while .	0
woody allen 's latest is an ambling , broad comedy about all there is to love -- and hate -- about the movie biz .	3
aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better .	3
a giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of oscar-winners : susan sarandon and goldie hawn .	3
` de niro ... is a veritable source of sincere passion that this hollywood contrivance orbits around . '	4
affleck and jackson are good sparring partners .	3
jacquot 's rendering of puccini 's tale of devotion and double-cross is more than just a filmed opera .	2
an effectively creepy , fear-inducing -lrb- not fear-reducing -rrb- film from japanese director hideo nakata , who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it .	4
try as i may , i ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` thank you ! '	0
falls neatly into the category of good stupid fun .	3
it 's a feature-length adaptation of one of those `` can this marriage be saved ? ''	2
it 's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman .	3
the plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience 's chain .	0
barely gets off the ground .	2
hey arnold !	2
the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip .	1
on the bright side , it contains jesse ventura 's best work since the xfl .	2
deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness .	0
one of those energetic surprises , an original that pleases almost everyone who sees it .	4
despite all evidence to the contrary , this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on tv and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults .	1
i do n't think i laughed out loud once .	0
for close to two hours the audience is forced to endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one .	1
exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue , this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling .	4
tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar .	1
like mike is n't interested in recycling old cliches .	2
-lrb- lawrence bounces -rrb- all over the stage , dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place .	3
for the most part , director anne-sophie birot 's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama .	4
in a way , the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in .	4
looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in jane hamilton 's exemplary costumes , rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon . '	4
michael gerbosi 's script is economically packed with telling scenes .	4
what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we 've shared a great adventure .	4
... a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of jean reno .	3
good car chases , great fight scenes , and a distinctive blend of european , american and asian influences .	3
the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy .	0
that is a compliment to kuras and miller .	3
dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation .	4
yes , ballistic is silly .	2
though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions .	3
and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea .	1
a science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left .	0
like mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well .	4
this movie is a snow emergency .	2
do not see this film .	1
it 's not without its pleasures , but i 'll stick with the tune .	2
it haunts you , you ca n't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it .	3
if the count of monte cristo does n't transform caviezel into a movie star , then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago .	2
even horror fans will most likely not find what they 're seeking with trouble every day ; the movie lacks both thrills and humor .	0
comes ... uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief .	1
a by-the-numbers effort that wo n't do much to enhance the franchise .	1
it has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness .	2
if i had been thinking about the visual medium , they would have been doing something wrong .	2
i 'm just too bored to care .	1
a quiet , pure , elliptical film	3
yes , dull .	0
candid camera on methamphetamines .	2
corny , schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless .	3
it 's the perfect kind of film to see when you do n't want to use your brain .	2
there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through .	0
collateral damage finally delivers the goods for schwarzenegger fans .	3
made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss .	1
anchored by friel and williams 's exceptional performances , the film 's power lies in its complexity .	4
this is wild surreal stuff , but brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like you 're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other .	4
it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal .	1
there 's not enough here to justify the almost two hours .	1
because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , ` swimfan ' left me with a very bad feeling .	1
one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year .	0
puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with .	3
oh come on .	1
while it 's nice to watch a movie that has n't been focus-grouped into tedium , yu 's cinematic alchemy produces nearly as much lead as gold .	2
a giggle a minute .	4
if director michael dowse only superficially understands his characters , he does n't hold them in contempt .	1
trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son .	3
the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant .	1
it is the sheer , selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of leon 's struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion , despite its patchy construction .	2
late marriage 's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep u.s. viewers off their feet .	1
the movie does a good job of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life .	3
... a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it .	1
i do n't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but do n't treat me like a fool .	1
i sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie does n't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand .	1
gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive .	3
unlike the speedy wham-bam effect of most hollywood offerings , character development -- and more importantly , character empathy -- is at the heart of italian for beginners .	4
it 's of the quality of a lesser harrison ford movie - six days , seven nights , maybe , or that dreadful sabrina remake .	1
but it still jingles in the pocket .	3
with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap .	1
the minor figures surrounding -lrb- bobby -rrb- ... form a gritty urban mosaic .	3
more whiny downer than corruscating commentary .	1
this movie is maddening .	1
it 's fun lite .	3
rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment .	1
very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary .	3
this is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever , but it 's certainly not a champion - the big loser is the audience .	0
there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness .	4
will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues .	4
a wildly inconsistent emotional experience .	1
i ca n't say that i liked homeboy ; it 'd be more accurate to say that i found it intriguing , bizarre , dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way .	2
ahhhh ... revenge is sweet !	3
the film is quiet , threatening and unforgettable .	4
so devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like xxx and collateral damage seem like thoughtful treatises	0
