i think that for its price compared to the ipod the creative zen is pretty good .	1
we keep the diaper champ in our daughter 's nursery and her room definitely does not smell like dirty diapers .	1
the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers .	1
we have never had any problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck ( we always wrap them in the dirty diaper ) .	1
setup in xp was instant and intuitive .	1
the earbud headphones are really nice .	1
i think it 's great .	1
we lysol the champ every time we change the bag out and have not had any problems .	1
on the contrary , i 'm quite pleased with my upgrade .	1
in addition it is very easy to setup .	1
i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but on full size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive .	1
the battery has a long life .	1
i have been impressed with the power of the hitachi m12v .	1
i have owned some kind of creative audio product since 1993 and have never had to call tech support .	1
i had a sony ericsson t610 before this and the t610 is far inferior .	1
the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable .	1
the menus are easy to scroll through ; . they are laid out naturally , and make sense .	1
after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel .	1
moving on to sound department . . . it delivers ! .	1
this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer .	1
it makes the nomad i purchase feel and look like junk .	1
i have had the ipod mini and it performs on the level with my sound card but the micro beats it outright .	1
the movie mode is also working great .	1
the device looks very cool , i think ( exactly as the photos promise ) , it 's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket , and the interface and controls are easy enough to navigate after a bit of practice .	1
the micro seemed like an ipod for less .	1
i thought the fm radio would not see much use with so many tracks available to me , but its great for tuning in to tv programs at the gym while on the treadmill , concerts and programs being simulcast , npr , and on and on .	1
love the speaker phone .	1
the use of 65536 ( 16bit ) colors ensures you get your share of animations and icons on your phone	1
i enjoy getting use to the touch pad .	1
in addition it comes with a sleek and powerful headset .	1
give each friend a different ringtone .	1
i click pictures in jog format and because the phone has a bluetooth device i find it extremely easy to transfer pics to my pc and forth .	1
i have really enjoyed the camera on this phone .	1
it is very easy to change bits without removing the router from the table and the shaft lock works great .	1
if i had to do it over , i wouldn 't buy anything else .	1
this is the best phone i have seen .	1
the software you get with this camera is perfect .	1
secondly , all info can be sent to a computer and w/o the hassle of usb wires .	1
technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! . ! . ! . ! . i love this phone ! . ! . ! .	1
as i said , i don 't regret the purchase at all .	1
so reliability is the winner here for the ipod .	1
high quality video and pictures rock ! .	1
it 's size also makes it ideal for travel .	1
so for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line models i 've got a good router & a nice table to put it in & i like that .	1
i will also say that setting up the e-mail account was very simple and straight-forward , although you do need an external smut server to use .	1
i have tried other pails , but none have compared positively to the champ .	1
i love how small the thing is , and the blue glow - i 've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all .	1
just want a wireless router for home or your very small business , you can just get a wrt54g from here and configure it .	1
the person on the other end of the call can hear you perfectly .	1
if you want to work wirelessly , this router does just what you want it to do and my geek friends say that the security is as good as it gets right now .	1
this new click wheel ipod allows you to navigate through the menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection .	1
it definitely keeps the smell out .	1
i love my dark blue zen micro and would definitely recommend it .	1
while i had the phone , the positive features were : good sound quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece .	1
if you use linux and want gr ps and/or want to use a handsfree bluetooth device , and want a decent camera -- this is the phone for you .	1
the quality is significant and you 'll be very happy from saving time and the headache .	1
the setup works awesome , as with any tool i look closely at the individual tool for it 's merits , and not just the company as a whole .	1
i 'll be getting a second one for my router table ! .	1
seriously ! . i love it ! .	1
a wise investment for the pocketbook & for the nose ! . ! . ! .	1
the plunge lock and power switch are very easily accessible which is a must when doing free hand routing .	1
the pics can be touched up in photoshop , and be printed at 4x6 and they look great ! .	1
while going for a cellphone , i was fully determined to buy a nokia only as it is the best in cellphones .	1
pros the design is very nice , and the colors are too .	1
6 the nikon coolpix line is a well-established line so you know support and parts are going to be available even when nikon releases a newer model .	1
i recommend t-mobile and the nokia 6600 without reservation .	1
what impressed me most was the sound .	1
reset the network , tried the connection , and it 's working like a charm .	1
nice little phone . . . light compact . .	1
it 's really well made and has survived sliding across floors and pavement without a scratch .	1
nikon 4300 , i feel , is the best camera out there for the features and price .	1
it is a great router for a table and with the depth adjustment knob it is easy to adjust depth precisely .	1
it 's so small .	1
if i could , i 'd trade-up on my creative muvo2 and snag a zen micro tomorrow .	1
i also own a retail store and this little guy easily plugs into my aux slot in the store 's sound system .	1
i just replaced my old linksys router with this one , turned everything on in the right order , and it was up and running with no problems .	1
other than the fact that one can 't delete a file directly from the ipod , the interface is excellent and mind-numbingly simple to use .	1
five gigabytes is plenty for my great albums .	1
the manual is easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot proof .	1
and bluetooth does not drain the battery as quick as i thought it would , i usually can go 1 . 5 days with bluetooth on along with making calls before i need a full recharge .	1
two : it has a removeable/rechargeable battery , so you don 't have to send the thing in when the re ! .	1
remember , this phone uses an operating system - symbian . . . and it 's feature-rich w/ 65k colors .	1
it is heavy enough to make it stable , but not too heavy to preclude hand use .	1
i bought my zen micro three months ago mainly because i preferred the size and style to the ipod mini .	1
outside of the t-mobile service area the phone seamlessly jumped onto at&t wireless and various other services where the t-mobile service was unavailable .	1
this is my fourth linksys product and , aside from the rough start , i 'm very satisfied with this router .	1
i couldn 't believe what i had been missing .	1
the only free help you get is in renewing your subscription ! .	1
the fact that you can assign ringtones to people and/or groups is really cool .	1
picture quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm .	1
the quality is superb .	1
there is no comparison , the champ is easy and smell free , the genie was difficult to use one handed ( which is absolutly vital if you have a little one on a changing pad ) and there was a def finite odor emanating from the genie plus we found that the quick tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated into the bag work really well because there isn 't any added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ .	1
i also like the fact that you can edit your mp3 titles , etc .	1
i 've owned this router for over 8 years and am somewhat satisfied with it .	1
the fit and finish of the product is first-rate .	1
since i use it in a table , i don 't use the plunge feature , but if i ever need it i 've got it .	1
i love the diaper champ , it is really easy to use and since you can use regular garbage bags it doesn 't cost an arm and a leg for refills .	1
2 . it can be operated with one hand - leaving a hand on your baby on the changing table .	1
battery life is exceptional , lasting longer than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music players on the market .	1
the main advantage of this system over its predecessor is the ability to open a wider pipeline between clients .	1
it 's a bit pricey to call home from other countries but the instant messaging to and from covered countries in europe are quite reasonable .	1
the phones are awesome .	1
1 . record around 1 hour of video with phillips camcorder pro .	1
i like the size and shape .	1
i wanted this product because i didn 't have to buy special bags for it and it also came highly recommended .	1
5 . the price is right .	1
saw the hitachi on amazon . com with their $25 . 00 coupon ( at the time ) and could not resist trying it out .	1
i love the bluetooth ; . easy to use with a wireless abra headset .	1
in minutes i was easily navigating through the menus .	1
i have not had any distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with this phone than any i 've used before .	1
i do not need to repeat what 's great about this phone .	1
transferring files couldn 't be easier thanks to the included software bundle .	1
this product is way cooler than anything ive used before ( pencilings and maccabees and norton antivirus alone ) .	1
after getting used to the m12 all the rest seemed lacking .	1
the bass is deep and the treble is clear .	1
and we still love it ! .	1
in fact , i liked it so much after using it with my son who is now 2 years old , that i bought one for our new baby 's room .	1
the zen plays mp3 , wma and wave formats , which makes it more versatile than the ipod .	1
overall , this product is awesome .	1
the picture rs are amazing .	1
i feel much less likely to drop this phone than others , which are actually starting to get too small .	1
the auto-focus performs well , but i love having the 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek to use the camera .	1
i recommend it to both parents of infants and toddlers .	1
it comes with an adapter to plug into the wall , which i hear is a step up from the other ipods , which require you plug it into a computer to charge it .	1
after installation , which was very simple . . . . i downloaded any updated software from the creative website , before i downloaded any music .	1
it is extremely light and disappears in your pocket .	1
the plusses are the features , look , good signal and battery life , memory size and robustness .	1
feature for feature , i find it a very sweet little player ; . equipped with a higher end headphone system , between this and th larger zen hardly use my home stereo system anymore .	1
- well-backlit keypad	1
( you can do it one handed while still hanging on to the baby . ) also , we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills ( like with the diaper genie ) .	1
a decent camera phone for taking quick pictures , movies , and having general all around fun with .	1
in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality point and shoot camera in the medium price range .	1
update i knew that i loved the champ , and using the diaper genie at a friend 's house really reinforced that ! .	1
likewise , i 've heard norton 2004 professional version is fine too .	1
comes with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small .	1
plus , if you order from amazon . com , they will exchange it for you no problem .	1
i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time .	1
and also , since it is teri band and since it uses sim-card , you can just use it in europe and many other parts of the world , wherever gsm exists .	1
it 's easy to use ( just a flip of the lid , and the diaper is gone ! . ) .	1
i 've since gotten the linksys modem ( befcmu10 ) and stacked it with the wrt54g router and it works fantastic ! . ! . ! .	1
fm transmitter ( belkin has a good one ) to use zen with your car stereo fm tuner latest find : connected this baby to my $3800 audiophile audio system and it produced clean sound compared to ipod .	1
looks and shape : i have a black one and the first time i charged it and switched it on jeez the blue light looked so cool .	1
it fits comfortably in my hand and pocket .	1
aside from a 6mb++ built-in phone memory , there 's a 32mb mmc card that goes with it ! .	1
the zen offered a great alternative .	1
the software is very easy to use , and the transfer is super fast ! .	1
you can use the player to store your computer data files ( good feature to have ) .	1
so far , the anti-spam feature seems to be very good .	1
great phone , i 'd buy another .	1
have not had any issues with the headphones or fragility .	1
you can use the ob ex file transfer service with bluetooth from linux ( kde-bluetooth provides a nice integration into conqueror for this ) for sending files to the phone .	1
tough as nails .	1
all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved .	1
it was also the most appealing .	1
i have had several mp3 players over the past few years , and have to say that this by far is the best that i 've owned .	1
we don 't have to worry about running out of refills with this diaper pail ! .	1
the ease of use of the ipod is a major attribute .	1
initially these phones were fun to play with some of the cool features like the speaker phone , web browser and of course the built in camera .	1
the height adjustment works well- not perfect .	1
this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) .	1
i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots .	1
ks almost without fail , no matter what your taste in music is : from relaxation music to hard rock , to hip hop , to korean and japanese , to afro-cuban and salsa , jazz , blues , country and pop , this feature performs well .	1
its the easiest thing to setup i thought , and i am only 16 . . . so with all that said , buy the router ! . ! . ! . ! .	1
one : it 's size : it 's smaller than the ipod mini , and holds more music ( 5gb to the ipod mini 's 4gbs ) .	1
the design of the col lets is excellent and far exceeds any of the craft man ( toy/junk ) routers i have previously purchased .	1
by far this seems to be the best value out there for the money ; . if you are undecided , the creative zen micro seems to be the best choice .	1
it is slow to initially start up , but once it 's turned on , i 've never had any complaints about the speed .	1
the software with the ipod includes itunes , which allows you to play the music on your computer , rip cds onto your computer , and move your music from the computer to the ipod .	1
- light , compact design	1
i loaded a lot of photos into it and they display very clearly for such a small screen and , very importantly , the transition from one photo to the next is instantaneous .	1
7 . have a good chunk of my small mp3 to listen through the speaker phone .	1
first of all , my calls were loud and clear , unlike with sprint .	1
the power , low noise operation , and speed control makes up for the problems i have experienced .	1
yes , the picture quality and features which are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range .	1
in true nokia style , the phone is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is as durable as other nokias i have owned .	1
even though i never ventured into the cloth land , i was very impressed by how well this works at keeping diapers and their accompanying odor in the pail and out of our life ! .	1
i would however highly recommend the m12v router ! .	1
unlike other reviewers , i have found the support to be responsive , almost no wait time on the phone , and relatively knowledgeable .	1
i love the slim design ; . the weight would only be an issue if it were bulky .	1
i upgraded both my card and router and really had no problems with installation on my sony vaio laptop ( xp operating system ) .	1
creative media source is very easy to use once you get the hang of it , and the file transfers are fast .	1
additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screen saver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc . )	1
although the nokia 6610 is a little short on the features department , it is an outstanding piece of hardware for doing what it was primarily meant to do : to be a wireless telephone .	1
- bright , visible screen	1
in conclusion , this player is beautiful .	1
4 mp gives you room for the future gaining experience ; . cost offsets over time from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it carries nikon 's quality reputation behind it make the whole package prove itself worth wile at the price .	1
overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera .	1
the earbuds are great headphones as good as my ak studio 240 , well not as good but darn close .	1
this phone is very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38 ; . very convenient to scroll in menu etc .	1
the ipod package comes with everything you need , the ac adaptor , firewire cable ( quicker than usb , but slower than usb 2 which it also gives ) , those snazzy and power full headphones , and of course the player .	1
my favorite features , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared .	1
unless you have an enormous music/audio book library , the 20 gb model should have more than adequate storage capacity , with a stated ability to hold 5000 songs .	1
im able to keep my phone on for about a week ( mostly stand by ) to three days ( regular use )	1
excellent phone , the phone looks much better than what u see in the pictures .	1
at works as well as can be expected for products in this space and the company backs it up with good support .	1
i did not have any of the installation problems that people highlighted here .	1
the main issue now is that this new zen micro seems to be the best on the market at least temporarily .	1
i think the interface is great .	1
the phone 's sound quality is great ( turn up the volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 is voice dialing .	1
this is the fourth version of systemworks and the second version of internet security that i have used and it has always been a favorite .	1
it has it all .	1
it doesn 't stink , ever ( like some have assumed since it doesn 't wrap each diaper into its own neat little cocoon ) .	1
otherwise , this is a great " alternative " mp3 player for those of use who don 't want to worship the mighty all-powerful apple .	1
once you set it up , it 's great .	1
i 've had almost no problems with the firmware ( ie , lock-ups , shut-downs etc ) , but i have kept the player up to date .	1
the battery life is ok , but can be somewhat short when working a lot with the monitor on .	1
getting the router setup in a " vanilla " configuration that works for 99% of users was very easy , and i was able to do this no problem .	1
the diaper champ is so simple that my toddler loves to put his own diapers in the diaper champ and flip over the handle .	1
i highly recommend this phone .	1
nokia does not disappoint in this model .	1
record memos using the built in microphone .	1
i have less money invested in the router table and dual routers than i would have if i had purchased a single cheap reliant sharper .	1
the heavy motor and continuously variable speed control let this router churn through everything i threw at it .	1
for looks , well ipod is head and shoulders better , both the iriver and creative zen look positively ugly when next to a gleaming ipod .	1
thankfully , creative has come through with a product that puts the ipod back in its place .	1
it feels solid and not flimsy like the carbon .	1
the product has worked perfectly for me on my xp .	1
the height adjustment knob is a bit flimsy , but it works well and provides good accuracy .	1
this phone is one of the best i 've ever used .	1
this radio receives fairly decent reception but not nearly as good as a normal radio , but as long as the stations are coming in clearly the phone 's radio should work perfectly .	1
the documentation is much better than the documentation that came with the 11b router -- i needed a lot of help from linksys technical assistance to set that one up .	1
everything shines of quality .	1
it 's easy and really works , with some incredible range .	1
this is a wonderful camera .	1
its a tough one this unless you wanna drive your car over it .	1
for the zen creative focused on packaging which looked well thought out , well presented and easy to open and put back together .	1
well linksys was one of the original big players in the router industry .	1
great camera , i have been using this for several months and got excellent results , simple friendly usage , in many scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , close up macro etc .	1
as i mentioned in my first paragraph , it supports wpa security , which is far superior to wep .	1
their customer service agents are always prompt and polite and my service is terrific .	1
to set up the box , wap , and ether nest bridge , with the encryption on was less then 30 mins .	1
but you can download some really good ones like pac-man or mafia wars .	1
the camera is adequate and if i want high-res photos i 'll use my digital camera instead .	1
i have a hard time using other phones with smaller screens ! . ! . ! .	1
but this by far is the best phone out there right now ! .	1
this phone is great as a whole and is not like others with one or two good qualities .	1
this model appears to be especially good .	1
if you love your cell phone games or changing your ring tones everyday , nokia beats everyone else .	1
built like a tank , yet nimble enough to be comfortably used with the leigh dovetail jig .	1
since then , i have not found one major problem with it .	1
i imagine if i left my player untouched ( no backlight ) it could play for considerably more than 12 hours at a low volume level .	1
sound : this is where i love zen the most .	1
norton 's memory usage on systems with 512 mb is very low .	1
no need for deodorizers .	1
i use a nokia 6600 , it has a great color tft display and camera equipped with zoom , which complement a built-in video recorder with audio and a real one player for playback and streaming of 3gpp-compatible and real media video clips .	1
other mp3 players won 't give you the sonic clarity of the zen at this compression level , so i imagine they won 't at lower ones , either .	1
the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n 't played with it too much on manual .	1
the i-pod is the best thing i have ever used .	1
the best part about this router is now i have a dhaka server .	1
i can 't smell anything ( and believe me , this is quite something with my baby ) .	1
i 'm currently using a sony vaio s-150 ( which i bought at the end of this past august ) , and it takes about five minutes just to boot the system - in fact , i 've taken to just hibernating , rather than shutting down completely .	0
this is definitely one of those products , especially as the company is leaning more towards making a profit .	0
the 6600 will provide similar service in more developed areas of the states and not as well in more remote areas .	0
basically , i ate the cost of the renewal and ate the cost of the tech help .	0
there is absolutely nothing useful at the symantec/norton site .	0
too bad the product is cumbersome and intertwined trying to do so much at one time .	0
i have never had this problem with any other software on my computer .	0
the number buttons are crammed into a 3x4cm area , the fonts are small , the interface is too convoluted and frustrating , it 's not that customizable as well .	0
i 'm probably the only person that dislikes the itunes software .	0
norton has been on a downhill slid recently with their products , but with this one , they have fallen off the cliff .	0
norton internet security 2004 is one of the more buggy implementations .	0
i read many reviews on norton i . s . 2004 from a variety of sources ( cnet , amazon , message boards ) and came to the conclusion that nis 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update .	0
- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones .	0
as a windows user , i had to install the software including drivers and itunes on my desktop , and this is the only area where i encountered a nuisance .	0
yeah - this program protects your computer all right - by locking you off the internet .	0
the ms scandisk would appear due to manual shutdown and would only scan to the 2nd bar , over and over ( up to 1 hr , i then shut it down and used go back ) .	0
looks and durability : i realize many people are fond of the minimalist white interface .	0
who wants to pay $30 to discuss a defect in a product that just cost $95 ? . ( i also bought the back-up cd ) .	0
as of october , 2004 , these products are not working and i 'm ready to demand a refund from symantec .	0
my fingers are kind of stubby so it took a while to learn how to hit a key without hitting the adjacent ones .	0
i could hardly use it without a recharge in 2 days ! .	0
i simply hate symantec . i swear , if i could have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my bare , bleeding hands , i would have .	0
however , the main problem that i think is the with the sound quality .	0
start up , log off , log on . . . everything became very slow .	0
first , it serious , serious installation problems .	0
there is no fm tuner , while there is no fm tuner on the creative zen ( on the micro version of the zen there is a tuner ) , the iriver h10-20gb , the rio karma , and the audio x5 have fm tuners .	0
just the home version of norton internet/av has too many glitches and problems to even remotely bother with .	0
for purposes of clarity , here is my review from that product , edited to be appropriate for this product , since , for the most part , they share many of the same problems .	0
then when i went to norton 's website to obtain a priority id number per the instructions i had been given , i couldn 't find a way to get one .	0
once it froze so bad i couldn 't even use the power button to turn it off , and had to open and take out the battery .	0
the vibration is not top .	0
it also does n 't have voice activated dialing . big minus ! . ! .	0
the gprs web access is slow ! .	0
if you currently own the 2003 version , and are looking to upgrade to the 2004 version , don 't .	0
once again it won 't reinstall , even with online and email assistance from symantect technicians .	0
because steve jobs is a twisted individual and he made sure that he ruined this device by giving it an unrepeatable 18 month battery .	0
sometimes , various applications crash .	0
i see many other reviews that say the same . . . . stay away from norton , they don 't deserve you , or anyone ! .	0
however , symantec has taken a significant turn for the worse with this release .	0
also , the battery 's aren 't user replaceable .	0
however , i am very disappointed with this product and with symantec .	0
so loud , really , that it does n 't work terribly well as a silent ringer option .	0
after several years of torture in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! .	0
pc cable is too expensive . . . $ 50 for a usb cable ? .	0
first of all , i 've never been big on earbuds - they 're just not that comfortable .	0
some people have commented about the size and weight of the phone , and it has rightfully gotten the nick-name " the bar of soap " which , it really is .	0
their network coverage is very sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience .	0
if you have no previous version of nortron security on your system , or nortron antivirus , the installation will go fine , otherwise dig in and in to do a major registery clean up ! . the old programs will leave a trace that will mess up the new installation , even if you uninstalled the old programs perfectly .	0
their site offers no live help at all .	0
downside is the size of the phone , it is big for today 's standard .	0
seems the " program scan " feature did not find the exe file for outlook ! .	0
- no voice activated dialing ( what were they thinking	0
one complaint . . . the screen is too easily scratched ! .	0
5 ) video recorder is of no use and one can not record something useful in 10 seconds and it takes a while to send the same through the " free picture and video messaging " offered by service provider .	0
buying software that can not be installed normally and being put into the position of having a non-working computer .	0
personally , i may never buy symantect products again .	0
games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link cable to get additional games .	0
there will be much erasing of text as , one would tend to type something instead of the actual letters .	0
back in may 2004 , when i first reviewed this , it had taken me over 16 hours to install and run .	0
i had a question about the pros and cons of turning off the norton firewall vs . the windows firewall , and waited 45 minutes to speak with a tech support representative because i did not have a " customer priority id number . "	0
when i purchase software , i never want to have to spend hours looking up solutions to my install problems -- in particular solutions that involve manually setting driver preferences or editing the registry ! .	0
buttons do seem a little sticky tho . . and the hands free kits ' connector might be a problem . .	0
i am bored with the silver look .	0
also , some other mp3 players such as the nitrus allow you to play wma ( windows media audio ) files , whereas the ipod does not .	0
apple 's ipod battery replacement service costs $100 ! .	0
we got two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy to switch to the family plan ) and one came with a broken headphone ( can hear but can not be heard ) and one died today after less than two weeks of use .	0
in my opinion the worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume control .	0
the biggest red flag for me was the fact that although my cousin 's player was relatively new , it was riddled with scratches .	0
this version of internet security 2004 , is beyond hope .	0
however , in my mind , $299 is a lot to pay for a device that will only last 18 months .	0
i 've searched the program and their online tech support ( worthless ) and have found no solutions .	0
negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , barely visible , power button .	0
durability : not good . first problem , if you haven 't seen the news recently , the ipods are being recalled for battery problems and not lasting the advertised 18 months .	0
its steel backing picks up fingerprints and scratches easily , not great from a cosmetic standpoint .	0
cons : no am/fm radio tuner -- something a large number of compete tors are doing	0
doesn 't have alot of good games on it .	0
the user support service isn 't too great either .	0
features : really , there aren 't any features , unless you call the games a feature .	0
there is no photo viewing option , however , there is a 20 gb photo ipod , but it costs $20 more .	0
the os is ab it confusing at 1st , but within a few days you will pass this learning curve ! .	0
these people takes lest effort to process rebate forms .	0
a lot of " fragments " were left in the registry , and it the norton system folders .	0
like most of their solutions ( which first blame other applications for errors ) , the tech persons line was that this was probably a microsoft error - it was not .	0
poor visibility on the keys .	0
the " movies " last about 5 seconds .	0
the day finally arrived when i was sure i 'd leave sprint .	0
the customer support is pathetic .	0
unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other features it packs outweighs this shortcoming .	0
other things that i miss are voice-activated dialing and a standard 2 . 5 mm headset jack .	0
i already knew something was wrong , because much of the spam i 've seen in the past six months was from resellers of norton products .	0
the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap it out .	0
from day one , we 've had hangups , crashes , glitches , continual reboots , long shutdowns due to " cc app . exe " program running which is a norton program .	0
the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad .	0
the other annoyance with this that you have to remove every single remnant of previous version of norton systemworks before you installs this .	0
the colors on the screen are not as crisp as i 'd have liked them to be .	0
the phone has a few minor inconveniences , but only because it lacks those features , bluetooth and high spend internet , but there are very few problems with things that you expected this phone to do .	0
first , it failed whenever connecting to get updates .	0
you can 't change the battery , so i don 't know what i 'm going to do in a year or so .	0
if there was a zero-star rating i would give it .	0
then , my ad/pop-up blocking was completely gone .	0
what disappoints me the most that a software like that is not cheap gets zero support form symantec , if you want support , they 'll charge you a fee ! .	0
norton support is completely pathetic .	0
this is somewhat annoying , but from working with computers ( especially windows -- ugh . . . )	0
this phone doesn 't include phone card calling .	0
you can " disable " some of the individual components , but don 't be fooled -- they 're still there and running .	0
4- my idea was that it was an all-in-one , and that theory -once again- proves wrong , this phone ex cells at nothing , less than average in everything , if you seriously need any of the " other than phone " functionalists , you 'll be disappointed . . . . if you have lots of money and bought it for the love of gadgets then fine . . . . but don 't expect to get much done .	0
i give it 4-stars only because the installation process - or rather problems that may surface during the installation process - can be frustrating to the average computer user .	0
at first glance , i thought this phone was a little too big for me , maybe a little too complicated .	0
i will never buy their product again at this rate , and neither should you .	0
if there were any complaints i have , they are marginal , but one is apples ' proprietary set-up for music files , their incompatibility with other music services ( i . e . napster ) is down right wrong .	0
so i e-mailed the online tech support with that simple question , and got a reply which was totally unresponsive ( it looked as though they didn 't actually read the e-mail and just sent back a few boilerplate paragraphs ) .	0
i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing .	0
if you have an older version of " internet security " installed , you may also need to remove it as well before proceeding with systemworks install .	0
it has an equalizer , but the iriver h10-20gb has a lot more presets than the ipod .	0
the only problem that i have found with the internet service is that it does not access mils ( real estate broker software ) very well at all .	0
and i can 't warn you enough to stay away from norton ! . ! .	0
but , i am quite unhappy with nokia at the moment .	0
and , when you think about it , it 's insulting that norton requires its customers to jump through these hoops -- anyone who can provide proof of purchase , whether on the phone or online ( what if your computer is down ? . ) , should have equal priority .	0
after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent .	0
some of the higher pitched rings are very easy to hear , but not easy to listen to .	0
also , not liking the gel case .	0
regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop .	0
this product has virtually all the same installation problems .	0
it feels like i 'm back to the days of 56k dial-up internet service , even though i 'm running a dell 2ghz pentium 4 with 256mb memory and have had excellent broadband service for the past year .	0
the menu options are uncreative , as you can 't see a full screen of menu items to pick from ; . you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your eye on the road ! . ) .	0
if you call apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged , they charge you roughly $105 . 50 per minute and blame you for " abusing " your ipod .	0
the battery life can 't be very long ; . let 's not be greedy .	0
but it wouldn 't let me turn the av protection back on and it wouldn 't stop with the alerts .	0
the only problem is the battery life .	0
ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a regular ring .	0
while i was trying to play half life 2 it started popping up with " alerts " every twenty seconds ( literally ) , warning me my antivirus protection was off .	0
*	0
cons breaks easily .	0
the keypad is a decent size , but the power on/off key is small and difficult to press .	0
there isn 't much features on the ipod at all , except games .	0
the only main drawback is the fact that the voice-dialing system is kinda picky .	0
the volume level of the phone is not all that good .	0
the interface took a little getting used to .	0
this phone is not suitable for fast people , maybe only for old people .	0
norton online support does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer .	0
it would not hang up on calls .	0
they are not wow able good .	0
downside : it takes a long time to start up .	0
basically the 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped features you don 't and won 't need ( if you do get yourself a pda or pocket pc ) , none of them work as they should , and the basic phone functions and ergonomics are less than average .	0
multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you 'd expect .	0
the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network .	0
this process can be very annoying and unsafe when you are driving a stick shift on the highway .	0
the photos in the address book are terribly scaled too ; . they look as though they were built out of lego's .	0
when talking the voice is not very clear .	0
i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet .	0
symantec should give us all a refund and apology ! .	0
finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier .	0
the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call .	0
this was obviously a conspiracy as it is freak in ' easy to manufacture a device with replaceable batteries ! . ! .	0
during install , nis would either freeze or not reboot properly when asked to do so .	0
so , don 't buy this or upgrade .	0
i find this feature on this phone useless , but , since i don 't really need this function anyway , i don 't really use it .	0
i was using a motorola t720i with verizon and i had alot of dropped calls and i had troubles syncing data .	0
however , the battery life isn 't as good as i would like .	0
you can 't do that with a sony t610 ( which i traded for a 6600 ) .	0
my old sony ericsson t610 has this feature .	0
after 4 attempted installs , i have finally given up .	0
you hit the message button on the front and it takes a matter of seconds to bring up the menu .	0
t610 supports only midi files .	0
avoid this product at all costs .	0
the only downside i have found with this phone is that it is a bit slow to react , meaning when i push the contacts button , it takes a while to load , this is true for almost all the menus and programs on the phone .	0
- some features in the user interface	0
buy this if you like mental challenges or trying how to pick locks .	0
it 's important that people know the following : first , the interface is slow .	0
sure they say if it 's their fault you won 't get charged , but they are the ones who get to decide whether it 's their fault .	0
it is buggy , slow and basically frustrates the heck out of the user .	0
only then did i learn the truth -- this phone does not work with palm pdas ! .	0
if you are already using a previous version of nortron security and uni stalled it to install the new version , you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system ! .	0
of course , if you try to reach symantec customer service you get useless automated systems unless you want to pay $30 per incident .	0
one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible .	0
the thing has survived plenty of falls with little or no damage , except the inevitable scratches .	0
after telling the rep and his tech supervisor the problem the only answer was to uninstall the program ( which i had already done ) . . .	0
especially the bluetooth server . . . meaning you have to restart the phone if you want bluetooth to work again .	0
the back of the ipod is in a chrome finish , and this surface is prone to scratches .	0
my last simpler nokia started right up and was immediately ready for use .	0
there technical service isn 't helpful either ; . they just read what 's on their website and charge you $50 ( + toll fees ) to do it .	0
i am giving a zero star to symantec for this version ! .	0
the vibrate setting is loud ! .	0
the one huge disappointment is that the phones manufactured for t-mobile lack many of the menus and functions that a nokia straight from the manufacturer should have .	0
this is only a problem at night , during the day the screen is very easy to see .	0
booting up my computer took forever ! . ! . ! .	0
stay away from this product ! .	0
the only way my pc internet works is if i open the firewall program configuration and manually refresh it .	0
and the battery life is bad ! .	0
my file log was not responding and the program was not blocking any cookies or unauthorized sites .	0
the fact that the " 0 " key is the space key for text input is a bit confusing , as many phones use the " # " key instead .	0
apple closed their island to anything that resembled microsoft , and clearly let napster know it could not use their products with napster 's services .	0
they didn 't know what the problem could be .	0
the 6610 has the radio function which is utterly useless .	0
i really regret signing up with t-mobile , but i 'm stuck with them for the next 6 months of the contract .	0
also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4 . 99 / mo . ) never works .	0
the only problem i had was a few components didn 't quite load correctly upon startup , but a reboot fixed the problem .	0
the battery power discharges rapidly especially on using the web browser .	0
after scouring the various boards i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem .	0
also if you do manage to get it installed , any problems with liveupdate or with system works will also affect the functionality and/or the process of updating internet security .	0
1-a cell phone is to make calls , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you 'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .	0
there is no way you can talk with customer care about this .	0
maybe this new design is more durable than the last , but i kind of doubt it .	0
my only complaint ( really more of an observation ) is that the outside finish of the ipod is rather delicate , so i am going to get a case for mine so it doesn 't get all scratched up .	0
don 't use them , so i delete them for addle space .	0
the only problem is the size of the keys .	0
also the battery life isn 't great but it 's sufficient for my needs .	0
the best thing to do with this version , is to leave it on the store shelf . it doesn 't work , and will cost you an enormous amount of your time , not to mention your hard earned dollars .	0
*the ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything and gets scratched easily .	0
sometimes a suite is not a good deal and all you get is a bundle of headaches .	0
this is a terrible company with a bad product and awful support .	0
the navigation takes so much time that it would eventually drive you crazy .	0
i think it is a combination of the program size taking up resources and the open/close scanning that it does with every program .	0
the biggest problem is the installation .	0
i just uninstalled systemworks and internet security for at least the fifth time due to functionality issues .	0
after 10 years , i now downloaded mccaffee 's product after calling their support . . . . they answered quickly , and for free , and were very helpful .	0
the battery does not last 12 hours .	0
as with most headphones that come with any type of music player , i recommend throwing these into the nearest river , unless you like having hard , round pieces of plastic in your ears .	0
first , let me say that i got the 20gb ipod for christmas , and i most likely would not have spent the $300 myself .	0
they have the worst service of any of the major companies .	0
battery : compared to the other players on the market , the ipod has one of the worst batteries around .	0
2- it is bulky and the small buttons on the sides are sloppy to use .	0
unfortunately , i sold it exactly a month later .	0
4 ) buttons are quite small and is really a pain exp if one is fond of text messaging .	0
i have found too many bugs in norton internet security professional to recommend it to any one without extreme patience and experience .	0
just don 't get drawn into t-mobile 's catchy rebate .	0
3 no voice recorder -- this has also become an important and popular feature that the ipod unfortunately doesn 't have .	0
i 'm giving it 1 star because as compared to other nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other blunders by other companies ( such a samsung and motorola ) it might be good . . . . but if you 're getting a nokia , don 't get this one .	0
i do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , not to mention the volume does not seem to be loud enough .	0
nothing spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus software .	0
among its weak points is the mmc slot location and a bit vague design .	0
hard drive screws up occasionally	0
however , i suspect that many people are having a bad experience -- do not purchase this product .	0
bluetooth does not work on this phone .	0
only if we could get one camera in it . .	0
in short - nokia themselves don 't know that this phone doesn 't work with the palm , and if you don 't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from scripts , chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly .	0
the backlight on the phone goes off way too quickly ( dangerous when you 're driving at night ) , and there 's no way to change this --	0
one caveat i have is that i understand the ipod does not save the photos in such a way that the quality of the image is preserved .	0
there are some highs to the 2004 edition , but mostly lows .	0
- no proprietary headset jack	0
it locked during install and i had to reformat the drive and start from scratch ( greer ! . )	0
i tried it again this morning and it said i didn 't have the required " permissions " and lacked proper administrator status .	0
holy cow ! . it really does scratch easily ! .	0
when i finally got it working , it only worked properly for many a month .	0
the battery issue is superficially a concern , but any reasonable solder-jockey ( such as myself : - ) can pop in a new one when the time comes ( based upon the plentiful info gained from a go ogle for 'ipod battery replacement ' ) .	0
they are a royal pain to install , and don 't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all .	0
configuring it for a home network was almost impossible .	0
i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( laos angele's ) is horrendous .	0
now the bad : 1 ) as usual , battery power not sufficient for daily usu age .	0
i am an advanced computer user , so i can not even imagine how a new or novice user would ever get this terrible program to work ! .	0