arty gay film .	0
as saccharine as it is disposable .	0
frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .	1
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .	1
[moore's] better at fingering problems than finding solutions . but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .	1
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .	1
if we're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she's french , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they're clueless and inept ?	0
there is an almost poignant dimension to the way that every major stunt seagal's character . . . performs is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we're not watching a double .	0
it isn't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie if only it were that grand a failure ! it's just that it's so not-at-all-good . and i expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director bruce mcculloch .	0
so unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is .	1
spain's greatest star wattage doesn't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .	0
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2-hour , dissipated length .	0
in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest .	0
the movie isn't painfully bad , something to be 'fully experienced' ; it's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .	0
watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .	0
feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network .	0
nakata's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .	1
build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year .	0
the story itself is actually quite vapid .	0
it is a likable story , told with competence .	1
a great ending doesn't make up for a weak movie , and crazy as hell doesn't even have a great ending .	0
it's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .	0
what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .	1
a portrait of an artist .	1
this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .	1
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany's democratic weimar republic .	1
welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst .	0
if you saw it on tv , you'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .	0
craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .	1
thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun .	1
the problem with this film is that it's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot . had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago .	0
the spalding gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .	0
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one .	0
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you're on the edge of your seat .	1
uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof .	1
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation . . . just about as chilling and unsettling as 'manhunter' was .	1
some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and heaven is one such beast .	1
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .	0
angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .	1
in this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian .	0
this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .	0
it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .	0
this thing is virtually unwatchable .	0
it's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .	1
one long string of cliches .	0
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea isn't funny .	0
god help the poor woman if attal is this insecure in real life : his fictional yvan's neuroses are aggravating enough to exhaust the patience of even the most understanding spouse .	0
a compelling film .	1
allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .	1
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .	0
enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre . the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .	0
a hugely rewarding experience that's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones's diary .	1
the narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys .	0
this is not a jackie chan movie . it's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it . and that makes all the difference .	0
verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies .	0
carrying off a spot-on scottish burr , duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .	1
while obviously an extremely personal work , it remains inextricably stuck in an emotionally unavailable rut .	0
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen .	1
trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the " gadzooks ! "	0
the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .	1
not only is undercover brother as funny , if not more so , than both austin powers films , but it's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time .	1
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .	1
so brisk is wang's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .	0
so devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like xxx and collateral damage seem like thoughtful treatises	0
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .	0
nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .	0
there's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film's simple title .	0
death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly -as-nasty -as-it- thinks-it-is joke . over and over again .	0
if this story must be told and retold -- and indeed it must -- then the grey zone is to be lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle .	1
i don't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he's made at least one damn fine horror movie .	1
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title . . . amounts to surprisingly little .	0
left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte's web of desire and desperation .	1
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .	1
the film has a kind of hard , cold effect .	1
 i admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent's complaint .	1
these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they're simply not funny performers .	0
hardman is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .	0
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .	1
with rabbit-proof fence , noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie .	1
poetic , heartbreaking .	1
foster and whitaker are especially fine . she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew .	1
the film's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political blair witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .	1
nair and writer laura cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .	1
writer/director joe carnahan's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic .	1
sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who doesn't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .	0
like mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well .	1
it's crap on a leash--far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante's similarly styled gremlins .	0
a surprisingly 'solid' achievement by director malcolm d . lee and writer john ridley .	1
a drama of great power , yet some members of the audience will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy .	1
beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that's there to scare while we delight in the images .	1
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park's .	1
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli . . . ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .	1
while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .	1
the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones .	0
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .	1
 . . . too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying .	0
the film is directed by wally wolodarsky from a script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge . these are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future .	0
as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them .	0
it's an awfully derivative story .	0
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation .	1
es una de esas películas de las que uno sale reconfortado , agradecido , genuinamente sorprendido .	1
a era do gelo diverte , mas não convence . É um passatempo descompromissado – e só .	0
directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name	0
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .	1
there's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about .	0
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .	1
so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous . . . that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .	0
 . . . a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .	0
an exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir , minority report twists the best of technology around a gripping story , delivering a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order	1
wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy , but it isn't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited .	0
leave it to rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago .	1
a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers .	0
shallow , noisy and pretentious .	0
a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .	0
there aren't many laughs in this interesting study of the cultural mores of georgian jews in tel aviv .	0
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy . . . attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called 'my husband is travis bickle' .	1
the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure .	1
time out is as serious as a pink slip . and more than that , it's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .	1
 . . . fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense .	0
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable " formula 51 " is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger .	0
simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .	1
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like 'masterpiece' and 'triumph' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers' time with a gobbler like this .	0
even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .	0
a film that will enthrall the whole family .	1
rosenthal ( halloween ii ) seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .	0
the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .	1
best indie of the year , so far .	1
for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2-hour running time .	0
hawke's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , doesn't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .	0
 in the end , white oleander isn't an adaptation of a novel . it's a flashy , star-splashed reduction .	0
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .	1
an overwrought taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship .	0
just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .	0
there's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .	0
a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships .	1
so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy .	0
madonna has made herself over so often now , there's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson's nose .	0
an ugly , revolting movie .	0
all of the filmmakers' calculations can't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness .	0
vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order .	1
well-meaning to a fault , antwone fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man's triumph of will into everyman's romance comedy .	0
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .	1
it's hard to fairly judge a film like ringu when you've seen the remake first . many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , [yet] are worthwhile .	1
after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .	0
chan's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .	0
brave and sweetly rendered love story .	1
plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up .	0
it's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .	1
a selection of scenes in search of a movie .	0
'pocas ideas interesantes , un final pseudo místico que no corresponde al tono general del filme y que deja una sensación de inconformidad que hace pensar más de una vez si vale la pena ir a la taquilla y reclamar el precio del boleto . '	0
hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .	0
a collage of clichés and a dim echo of allusions to other films .	0
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .	1
if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon didn't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it .	0
a thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one's actions .	1
it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right .	1
a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures .	1
in spite of good housekeeping's unsavory characters and wwf mentality , this white trash war of the roses is a surprisingly engaging film .	1
what makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .	1
fred schepisi's tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .	1
spider-man is in the same category as x-men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around .	1
once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .	0
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney . . . take your pick . all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .	0
nair just doesn't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .	0
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .	1
there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through .	0
macdowell , whose wifty southern charm has anchored lighter affairs . . . brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role .	1
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought .	1
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .	1
a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .	0
the movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it .	1
'blue crush' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award .	1
rather quickly , the film falls into a soothing formula of brotherly conflict and reconciliation .	0
in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .	0
oscar wilde's masterpiece , the importance of being earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century . it's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even oliver parker's movie adaptation .	1
sleek and arty .	1
bland but harmless .	0
a dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .	0
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .	0
showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant " if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny " syndrome .	0
what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .	1
none of birthday girl's calculated events take us by surprise . . .	0
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .	1
none of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of bond , but much of it is good for a laugh . the problem with " xxx " is that its own action isn't very effective .	0
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .	0
 " the quiet american " begins in saigon in 1952 . that's its first sign of trouble .	1
a worthwhile documentary , whether you're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .	1
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it's actually watchable . even more baffling is that it's funny .	1
 . . . has virtually no script at all . . .	0
yes , 4ever is harmless in the extreme and it'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to spirited away ?	0
given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing soderbergh has ever done .	0
 . . . feels as if ( there's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .	0
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .	0
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .	0
the film has too many spots where it's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that's especially fit for the kiddies .	0
the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .	1
the film doesn't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal .	0
audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .	1
it collapses when mr . taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller's rush .	0
a celebration of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences .	1
made me unintentionally famous as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby . but believe it or not , it's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i've seen .	1
lookin' for sin , american-style ? try hell house , which documents the cautionary christian spook-a-rama of the same name .	1
it's neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy , but it has its moments .	0
low comedy doesn't come much lower .	0
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting . quelle surprise !	0
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .	0
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller	1
by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .	1
few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands .	1
the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann .	1
whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .	1
together writer-director danny verete's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .	1
expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery .	0
despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .	1
it has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death .	0
it would be disingenuous to call reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex . this is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .	1
a porn film without the sex scenes .	0
this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer .	1
the movie is a desperate miscalculation . it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .	0
the best part about " gangs " was daniel day-lewis .	1
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls .	0
potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .	0
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .	1
a " home alone " film that is staged like " rosemary's baby , " but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .	0
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .	0
it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so	0
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .	0
no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .	0
twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .	1
it's funny , as the old saying goes , because it's true .	1
while it's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .	0
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film's length becomes a part of its fun .	1
slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschooler's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead ?	0
[a]n utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the disney comedies from the 60s .	1
the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .	0
it wouldn't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $7 . 00 .	0
mildly amusing .	0
the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad .	0
this is a very funny , heartwarming film . it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .	1
a stirring road movie .	1
gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested .	1
the element of surprise might be the only thing femme fatale has going for it .	0
it's a sometimes interesting remake that doesn't compare to the brilliant original .	0
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .	1
strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and b-film thuggery .	0
a well-intentioned effort that's still too burdened by the actor's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .	0
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .	0
like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .	1
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work .	1
tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple — he's understated and sardonic , she's appealingly manic and energetic . both deserve better .	0
australian filmmaker david flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .	1
there ain't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it's hilarious .	0
the issue of faith is not explored very deeply	0
if this is the danish idea of a good time , prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps .	0
a . . . cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers .	1
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .	1
a hidden-agenda drama that shouts classic french nuance .	1
shiner can certainly go the distance , but isn't world championship material	1
[toback's] fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard . . . blends uneasily with the titillating material .	0
not for the prurient or squeamish , it's a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture , self-loathing and sexual politics .	1
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work .	1
a highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle , and by the end , we only wish we could have spent more time in its world .	1
tartakovsky's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .	0
those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up .	1
by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .	1
 . . . better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .	0
the movie is well crafted , and well executed . if you're paying attention , the " big twists " are pretty easy to guess - but that doesn't make the movie any less entertaining .	1
uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .	0
although i didn't hate this one , it's not very good either . it can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter .	1
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean 'dramedy' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .	1
there is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false .	0
i can't recommend it . but it's surprisingly harmless .	0
montias . . . pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters .	1
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .	0
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum .	0
this is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults . the characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory . the film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens .	1
mazel tov to a film about a family's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .	1
it's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner .	0
at the bottom rung of the series' entries .	0
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .	0
it provides a grim , upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1 . 2 million palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of gaza .	1
as 'chick flicks' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting .	0
a monster combat thriller as impersonal in its relentlessness as the videogame series that inspired it .	0
a virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze .	1
the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog rover dangerfield .	0
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .	1
in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .	1
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .	1
 . . . a solid , well-formed satire .	1
the bodily function jokes are about what you'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .	1
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke's artistic aspirations , but he hasn't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul .	0
there's not enough here to justify the almost two hours .	0
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous . it's a masterpeice .	1
dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away . it's a buggy drag .	0
very well-written and very well-acted .	1
it should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit . so i just did .	0
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just doesn't make sense .	0
not sweet enough to liven up its predictable story and will leave even fans of hip-hop sorely disappointed .	0
a smart , compelling drama .	1
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .	1
the attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven .	0
it is an indelible epic american story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives .	1
plays like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders .	0
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen .	1
i'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i don't see the point . it's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed .	0
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i've ever seen .	0
i know that i'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again	1
like its predecessor , it's no classic , but it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate .	1
the observations of this social/economic/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .	1
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .	0
this film's relationship to actual tension is the same as what christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation .	0
the farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one .	1
a fun family movie that's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , 'it's never too late to believe in your dreams . '	1
as an introduction to the man's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it's invaluable .	1
a marvel like none you've seen .	1
a taut psychological thriller that doesn't waste a moment of its two-hour running time .	1
an asian neo-realist treasure .	1
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .	0
one of the more glaring signs of this movie's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms . spears .	0
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .	0
the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism .	1
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .	0
long time dead ? not nearly long enough .	0
much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words don't really do the era justice . you have to see it .	1
director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the " miami vice " checklist of power boats , latin music and dog tracks . he doesn't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash .	0
delivers the same old same old , tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas .	0
 . . . expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .	0
while this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures , it's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .	1
 . . . a light , yet engrossing piece . lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject – taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .	1
the kind of sense of humor that derives from a workman's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant need to constantly draw attention to itself .	1
unfortunately , contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and woo's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie's heart .	0
 . . . too dull to enjoy .	0
like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything's in place but something's just a little off-kilter .	0
plays as hollow catharsis , with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights .	0
it's a deeply serious movie that cares passionately about its subject , but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history , or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story .	0
a superbly acted and funny/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate .	1
even when he's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .	1
as is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions , the film is less poetic than simply pretentious .	0
i'm just too bored to care .	0
 . . . with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , i realized this is a throwaway movie that won't stand the test of time . it's a trifle .	0
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .	1
it's a frankenstein-monster of a film that doesn't know what it wants to be .	0
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .	0
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .	1
this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . mr . scorsese's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .	1
this is a great subject for a movie , but hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director john woo has built his career on .	0
this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .	1
still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .	1
in other words , it's just another sports drama/character study . yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . plus , like i already mentioned . . . it's robert duvall ! c'mon !	1
like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance .	1
about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through .	0
the film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .	1
there is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down . and that should tell you everything you need to know about all the queen's men .	0
twenty years later , e . t . is still a cinematic touchstone .	1
this is not chabrol's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer .	1
the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .	0
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play .	1
while not quite a comedy , the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging .	1
nicolas cage isn't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie won't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .	0
blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .	0
it's refreshing to see a girl-power movie that doesn't feel it has to prove anything .	1
humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath's version of 'nicholas nickleby' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful . not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .	1
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .	0
moretti plays giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy . too predictably , in fact .	0
the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .	0
performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances .	1
it's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .	1
it's hard not to feel you've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story .	0
an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story .	0
what bloody sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion .	1
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there .	1
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .	1
this series should have died long ago , but they keep bringing it back another day as punishment for paying money to see the last james bond movie .	0
those who don't entirely 'get' godard's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .	1
suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .	1
'they' begins and ends with scenes so terrifying i'm still stunned . and i've decided to leave a light on every night from now on .	1
oddly compelling .	1
bogs down badly as we absorb jia's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance .	0
predictably melodramatic .	0
nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .	0
at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .	0
after watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .	1
a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking .	0
 . . . post-september 11 , " the sum of all fears " seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .	0
robin williams departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role .	0
 ( danny huston gives ) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent's smirk .	1
this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .	0
the movie takes itself too seriously and , as a result , it makes for only intermittent fun .	0
deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world .	1
not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .	0
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian . . . life .	1
this is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic .	0
it's a treat – a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score… grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .	1
instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .	0
a technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .	0
in the second half of the film , frei's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for self-analysis .	0
but even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between jolie and burns . . . this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to screenwriting for dummies conformity .	1
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .	1
one groan-inducing familiarity begets another .	0
a beautifully made piece of unwatchable drivel .	0
originality ain't on the menu , but there's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .	1
like a poor man's you can count on me	1
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , martin is a masterfully conducted work .	1
judith and zaza's extended bedroom sequence . . . is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .	1
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .	1
while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle .	1
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .	1
maud and roland's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but labute pulls off a neater trick in possession : he makes language sexy .	1
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie's presentation , which is way too stagy .	0
instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games , we get a cinematic postcard that's superficial and unrealized .	0
behan's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .	0
perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about .	0
time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .	1
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .	0
the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-hollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance .	1
filled with alexandre desplat's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .	1
a gentle and engrossing character study .	1
if you're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you're at the right film .	1
majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places .	1
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .	1
laughably , irredeemably awful .	0
for 95 often hilarious minutes , [cho] riffs on the diciness of colonics , on straight versus gay personal ads , on how men would act if they had periods , and on the perils of a certain outré sexual practice .	1
 . . . just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise .	0
co-writer/director jonathan parker's attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .	0
it's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .	1
the film makes a fatal mistake : it asks us to care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life .	0
bad company leaves a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also the staleness of its script .	0
tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan's backyard .	1
it's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up .	0
some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .	0
maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .	1
the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .	1
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it's still a rollicking good time for the most part .	1
wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste .	0
the premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four six-packs and a pitcher of margaritas in , but the film must have been written . . . in the thrall of a vicious hangover .	0
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .	1
despite auteuil's performance , it's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .	0
its sheer dynamism is infectious .	1
there's much tongue in cheek in the film and there's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .	1
a movie with a real anarchic flair .	1
a movie that's held captive by mediocrity . not bad , but not all that good . bacon keeps things interesting , but don't go out of your way to pay full price .	0
what i saw , i enjoyed .	1
cacoyannis' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .	0
manages to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer .	1
despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair . . .	0
the komediant is a tale worth catching .	1
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .	1
arnold's jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces .	0
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl's dilemma .	1
final verdict : you've seen it all before .	0
the comedy makes social commentary more palatable .	1
the movie doesn't generate a lot of energy . it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .	0
van wilder brings a whole new meaning to the phrase 'comedy gag . ' at least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch .	0
even if you're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .	1
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .	1
with dickens' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .	1
screenwriters scott abbott and michael petroni have turned rice's complex akasha into a cartoon monster .	0
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it's in danger of going wrong .	1
it's an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances , but is ultimately let down by a story that is all too predictable .	0
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .	0
velocity represents everything wrong with ''independent film'' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene .	0
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .	1
too simple for its own good .	0
notwithstanding my problem with the movie's final half hour , i'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl-	1
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was . . . hence , storytelling is far more appealing .	1
fulfills the minimum requirement of disney animation .	1
credibility sinks into a mire of sentiment .	0
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .	1
epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star .	0
offers much to enjoy . . . and a lot to mull over in terms of love , loyalty and the nature of staying friends .	1
a simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within .	0
can't seem to get anywhere near the story's center .	0
[a] mess .	0
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .	1
too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .	0
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .	1
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .	0
comes across as a fairly weak retooling .	0
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .	0
…an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .	1
hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole' miss in the way of story .	0
if there's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way .	0
though writer/director bart freundlich's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup's anchoring performance .	1
the film's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film's production design .	0
neither revelatory nor truly edgy--merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .	0
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year's worst cinematic tragedies .	0
propelled not by characters but by caricatures .	0
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .	1
the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm .	0
[sen's] soap opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions .	0
it's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by elizabeth hurley in a bathing suit .	0
it arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications .	1
sadly , 'garth' hasn't progressed as nicely as 'wayne . '	0
despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy .	0
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture can't quite conceal that there's nothing resembling a spine here .	0
 ( caine ) proves once again he hasn't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .	1
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it's a spirited film and a must-see .	1
poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .	1
the film's welcome breeziness and some unbelievably hilarious moments -- most portraying the idiocy of the film industry -- make it mostly worth the trip .	1
the film takes the materials of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes , southern california locations and star power .	0
