What is an example of an actual case of using the Fourteenth Amendment ?	0
What is the origin of head lice ?	0
What is a gandy dancer ?	0
Why do people in the upper peninsula of Michagin say `` eh ? '' ?	0
What are some fun things to do in Cozumel , Mexico for teenagers ?	0
What is a hyperlink ?	0
How does an abacus work ?	0
What is Archimedes famous for ?	0
How do you clean badly tarnished brass ?	0
What makes thunder ?	0
What is a phalanx ?	0
What is a pyrotechnic display ?	0
What is June 's birthstone ?	0
How can I stop or slow down aging ?	0
From what cause does tuberculosis stem ?	0
What is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?	0
Why are eggs supposed to be stored small end down ?	0
How can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?	0
What were the first words spoken on a film sound track ?	0
What would happen to Canada if Quebec separated ?	0
What is tyvek ?	0
What is diabetes ?	0
How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?	0
Why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?	0
How do cameras take pictures ?	0
What is Jane Goodall known for ?	0
What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?	0
What is the origin of the word `` pallbearer ? ''	0
What is an arab strap ?	0
What is swap math ?	0
What is cosmology ?	0
How do I know if I 'm jealous of someone ?	0
What is the definition of the Scrabble word ` syzygy ' ?	0
How can someone become a federal agent ?	0
What does palindromic mean ?	0
Where did the term `` 69 '' come from ?	0
How do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ?	0
What is home banking ?	0
How did the U.S. come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the Spanish-American War ?	0
What do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?	0
What is a nematode ?	0
How can I get someone 's phone number if I only have their screen name ?	0
What is tumbled marble ?	0
What was the first Funk 'N Lata , Brazilian group , success ?	0
What category does the color pink denote in the Trivial Pursuit Baby Boomer Edition ?	0
Why was Washington , DC originally called District of Columbia ?	0
What are the alveoli ?	0
What is the Amish religion ?	0
What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?	0
What happens to used motor oil ?	0
In Waugh 's `` A Handful of Dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?	0
What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?	0
What does Robert mean ?	0
What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat 's poem , `` The Three Hermits ? ''	0
Why are organ transplants more successful today ?	0
How is plastic made ?	0
Why do USA fax machines not work in UK , NNP ?	0
What is the origin of gametophytic tissue ?	0
What is the nature of learning ?	0
What are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?	0
What does the name `` Anthony '' mean ?	0
What is the difference between a median and a mean ?	0
What do Hank Aaron , Jimmy Stewart , and Howard K. Smith have in common ?	0
What is cache memory ?	0
What is a urologist ?	0
How do anti-locking brakes work ?	0
Why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?	0
What does the term glory hole mean ?	0
What is the origin of the word , JJ .	0
Where did the term `` 86 '' come from ?	0
Why do girls have to wear training bras ?	0
What information can you get me on Fairground Park in St. Louis	0
What is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?	0
What 's an auberge in France ?	0
What is saltpeter ?	0
What is a wop ?	0
What happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?	0
How does crosstalk relate to InSb thickness in infrared detectors ?	0
What is Butterfield 8 in Butterfield 8 ?	0
How do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?	0
What is a geoscientist ?	0
What ever happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company ?	0
What is the biblical meaning of ` stones ' ?	0
What 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?	0
Why does a wheel , e.g. a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?	0
What does the name Shawn mean ?	0
What are amaretto biscuits ?	0
What is Remembrance Day all about ?	0
What is typhoid fever ?	0
How can I call a friend in another country when I do not know the telephone number ?	0
What is the spectrum of a sine wave ?	0
Why are the ears your center of balance ?	0
Why do people shake hands to show friendliness ?	0
How do you determine if a computer monitor has an SVGA adapter ?	0
What causes pneumonia ?	0
What was the importance of Magellan ?	0
What was the claim to fame of the football game that saw Fordham defeat Waynesburg State 12601 on September 3 , 1939 ?	0
Why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?	0
What are Fortune 500 companies ?	0
What do you need to do to marry someone in jail ?	0
How is ` qigong ' properly pronounced ?	0
Why is Indiglo called Indiglo ?	0
How do you get bubblegum out of carpet ?	0
What is so powerful about Power Bars ?	0
What does verdandi mean ?	0
What does the number 33 on the Rolling Rock beer bottle mean ?	0
How does a submarine operate ?	0
How do I know how much money to save for retirement ?	0
Define Spumante .	0
How do I contact Answers.com direct ?	0
What are Christopher Marlowe 's and Shakespeare 's literary contributions to English literature ?	0
What is the origin of the atom ?	0
What is the origin of thank you notes ?	0
What is a transistor ?	0
What is an ecological niche ?	0
What 's the rathaus in Frankfurt ?	0
What is a specimen of basidiomycetes ?	0
What characteristics contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?	0
What are Cobol , Fortran , and Pascal ?	0
What revelation did Alexander Butterfield make to the Senate Watergate committee ?	0
How is silk screening done ?	0
How come light bulbs go out ?	0
Why do you say `` God bless you '' when people sneeze ?	0
Why are haunted houses popular ?	0
What is hypertext ?	0
What is a turnkey contract ?	0
What is a First World country ?	0
How does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .	0
Why did the Shea & Gould law firm leave Los Angeles ?	0
What effects do nitrates have on the environment ?	0
What is paracetamol ?	0
What is Betsy Ross famous for ?	0
What is a person 's socioeconomic position ?	0
What is gymnophobia ?	0
What is the medical condition of hypertension ?	0
Why were red M&Ms discontinued then brought back ?	0
What is Olestra ?	0
What is an isthmus ?	0
What kind of substance is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?	1
What is a fear of hell ?	1
Which thrilled taste buds first - Snickers or 3 Musketeers ?	1
What are some good exercises for kids to do ?	1
What is the only vegetable that starts with `` z '' ?	1
What 's the dumbest domesticated animal ?	1
What book does Holden Caulfield appear in ?	1
For what disease is the drug Sinemet used as a treatment ?	1
What are the titles of some R-Rated Sony Playstation games ?	1
What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Gimli as a central character ?	1
What vehicles are raced in the Tour de France ?	1
Name a flying mammal .	1
What 's bottled in jeroboams ?	1
What is `` the taste that beats the others cold '' ?	1
What disease does Katharine Hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?	1
What was the species of Winnie the Pooh ?	1
What animal received royal assent as an emblem of Canada on March 24 , 1975 ?	1
What species was Winnie the Pooh ?	1
Name a Salt Lake City newspaper .	1
What is `` the great American family cereal '' ?	1
What does a farrier put shoes on ?	1
What were the ceremony traditions like during the Elizabethian times ?	1
Which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?	1
What 's the most common non-contagious disease in the world ?	1
What foods contain vitamin B12 ?	1
What Peter Blatty novel recounts the horrors of Regan MacNeil 's possession by the devil ?	1
What are the various ways in which one can measure IT User Satisfaction Level ?	1
What is the best-selling book of all time ?	1
What do flatfish eat ?	1
What was the name of Betty Boop 's dog ?	1
What `` magic '' does Mandrake employ ?	1
What anesthetic did Queen Victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child , in 1853 ?	1
What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?	1
What are some of Australia 's native flora ?	1
What did Martin Luther post on the church door at Wittenberg ?	1
What is the most popular sports car color ?	1
What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12	1
What kind of animal is Babar ?	1
What is the electronic device used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric signals ?	1
What hair color can I use to just cover a little gray ?	1
What hymn did John Steinbeck get his title The Grapes of Wrath from ?	1
Which comic strip was never turned into a Broadway musical ?	1
What is the name of the second space shuttle ?	1
What kind of file has the extension .dbf ?	1
What are the seven wonders of the world ?	1
What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?	1
What was the first English play written exclusively for children ?	1
Which is the most-used computer program ?	1
What are the different types of plastic ?	1
What product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and mildew '' ?	1
What is a language spoken by the Sioux ?	1
What is the world 's best selling cookie ?	1
What after-dinner treat was invented in 1916 at the George Jung noodle factory in Los Angeles ?	1
What stringed weapon fires a bolt ?	1
What has to be produced in a writ of habeas corpus ?	1
What is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word ?	1
Which mammal lives , breeds , eats , and sleeps underground ?	1
What was the name of the American ship sunk by a mine in Havana harbor , causing the Spanish-American war ?	1
What do you call a section of your finger from one joint to another ?	1
What is April 's gemstone ?	1
What racehorse won an Associated Press poll as the greatest horse of the 20th century ?	1
What is the name of the Michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching ?	1
What William Styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?	1
What infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?	1
What was introduced commercially by Bayer A.G. of Leverkusen , in 1899 ?	1
What animals do you find in the stock market ?	1
What is a fear of jealousy ?	1
What does Salk vaccine prevent ?	1
What was the name of the U.S. 's first manned space program ?	1
What was the name of Captain Bligh 's ship ?	1
What words in the English have two u 's back to back ?	1
What 1956 Grace Metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years ?	1
What is the term that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ?	1
What is the movie Jonathan Livingstone Seagull ?	1
What did the pyramid-builders of Egypt mainly eat ?	1
What gaming devices were dubbed `` Mississippi marbles '' and `` Memphis dominoes '' ?	1
What 's the main vegetable in vichyssoise ?	1
What condiment do the Dutch dip their French fries in ?	1
What is a fear of ruin ?	1
What is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain ?	1
What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?	1
What D.H. Lawrence novel was originally titled Tenderness ?	1
What did the Chinese emperor present to the English soldier Gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ?	1
What 1981 Candice Bergen-Jacqueline Bisset movie was a remake of 1943 's Old Acquaintance ?	1
What famous events have happened on March 27 ?	1
What feud ended with a marriage in Kentucky on March 21 , 1891 ?	1
In what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?	1
What color beans did the ancient Romans refuse to eat ?	1
What literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?	1
What was Mae West 's last film ?	1
What is a fear of stings ?	1
What are different products of petroleum ?	1
What was Connecticut 's first constitution called ?	1
What is Dr. Seuss ' most popular book ?	1
What does NECROSIS mean ?	2
What does A&W of root beer fame stand for ?	2
What is the abbreviation of the company name ` General Motors ' ?	2
What does S.O.S. stand for ?	2
What does CPR stand for ?	2
What does IQ stand for ?	2
What does snafu stand for ?	2
What does R.E.M. stand for , as in the rock group R.E.M. ?	2
What is DTMF ?	2
Who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?	3
Who played for the Chicago Bears , Houston Oilers and Oakland Raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?	3
What Russian master spy lived in the U.S. under the name Emil Goldfus ?	3
What does Larry King do for a living ?	3
What poet wrote : `` ... I have promises to keep , and miles to go before I sleep '' ?	3
What radio station did Paul Harvey work for ?	3
Who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?	3
What is Goldfinger 's first name ?	3
What dumb-but-loveable character did Maurice Gosfield play on The Phil Silvers Show ?	3
What is Drew Barrymore 's middle name ?	3
Who started the Dominos Pizza chain ?	3
Who said : `` Soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?	3
Who are the Challengers of the Unknown ?	3
Who protects DC Comics ' realm of dreams ?	3
Name the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse .	3
Who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` Snow White and Seven Dwarfs '' ?	3
What new middle school was built in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania last year ?	3
Who painted `` Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bacon '' ?	3
Which team won the Super Bowl in 1968 ?	3
Who was Jinnah ?	3
What author of the Days of Our Lives Cookbook signed on in 198 as Liz Chandler in TV 's Days of Our Lives ?	3
Who is Prince Naseem Hamed ?	3
Who does Shakespeare 's Antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?	3
What was the name of Humphrey Bogart 's club in Casablanca ?	3
What British general surrendered to the colonial army at Saratoga ?	3
Who is the Queen of Holland ?	3
Who portrayed Renaud in Casablanca ?	3
Who 's The King of Swing ?	3
What Apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while Armstrong and Aldrin made history ?	3
What was the name given the 6 , 500 German airforce troops that used the Spanish Civil War as a training exercise ?	3
What famed clown appeared on an early Howdy Doody Show and insisted that Clarabell be made up as a real clown ?	3
What is her profession ?	3
What department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the Andrea Doria ?	3
What Cruise Line does Kathie Lee Gifford advertise for ?	3
Who said `` Give me liberty or give me death '' ?	3
What major Victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?	3
Who has more DNA - a man or a woman ?	3
Who is the director and editor of the movie Big starring Tom Hanks ?	3
Who is Stein Eriksen ?	3
Who told all in Ball Four ?	3
What Argentine revolutionary fought with Castro and died in Bolivia in May , 1979 ?	3
Who was Darth Vader 's son ?	3
Who played Al Jolson in the Jolson Story ?	3
What ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?	3
Who killed more people , Hitler or Stalin ?	3
What comic of TV 's golden age went by the motto `` Anything for a laugh '' ?	3
Who created Billy Pilgrim , a survivor of the Dresden firestorm ?	3
Who created `` The Muppets '' ?	3
What U.S. President had brothers-in-law in the Confederate army ?	3
Who is the prophet of the religion of Islam ?	3
What famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?	3
Who was Santos-Dumont ?	3
What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?	3
Name the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .	3
Who won a Pulitzer Prize for his novel The Caine Mutiny ?	3
What is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties ?	3
Who played Emperor Palpatine in Star Wars ?	3
What lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in U.S. history for Sheika Dena Al-Farri ?	3
Who was the last U.S. president to reinstate Selective Service registration ?	3
Who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ?	3
Who was the president of Vichy France ?	3
Who was the only person convicted in the My Lai Massacre ?	3
Who painted the Sistine Chapel ?	3
What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?	3
Which Vietnamese terrorist is now a UN delegate in Doonesbury ?	3
What former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?	4
Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?	4
Where does Mother Angelica live ?	4
Where is Trinidad ?	4
What country contains the westernmost point in South America ?	4
Where is Ayer 's rock ?	4
What is the largest lake in North America ?	4
McCarren Airport is located in what city ?	4
What ocean was Amelia Earhart flying over when she disappeared ?	4
Where can I get information on the original 13 US colonies ?	4
Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia ?	4
What 's the northernmost U.S. state apart from Alaska ?	4
What attracts tourists to Reims ?	4
What country 's northernmost city is Darwin ?	4
What 's the capital of Monaco ?	4
What Southern California town is named after a character made famous by Edgar Rice Burroughs ?	4
Where is the official `` zero '' of the sea level ?	4
Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?	4
What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy ?	4
What is the longest place name in the U.S. ?	4
What U.S. state records the least rainfall ?	4
In what city is the famed St. Mark 's Square ?	4
What state produces the best lobster to eat ?	4
What state did Helen Keller call home ?	4
What 's the farthest planet from the sun ?	4
What is George Lucas 's e-mail address ?	4
Where were the 196 Summer Olympics held ?	4
In what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?	4
What states do not have state income tax ?	4
Which country did Hitler rule ?	4
Where is former Pro wrestler Johnny `` Rubber Man '' Walker ?	4
Which country is the largest country in Latin America ?	4
What city 's the kickoff point for climbs of Mount Everest ?	4
Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S. ?	4
What London street claims to be the world center for men 's tailoring ?	4
What country has declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to Russians ?	4
Where is the Isle of Man ?	4
What state has the longest Great Lakes shoreline ?	4
What state is Niagara Falls located in ?	4
What do most tourists visit in Reims ?	4
What country will hit the year 2 first ?	4
What city is near the mouth of the Amazon ?	4
What is a country that starts with the letter x ?	4
What erupts every hour at Yellowstone National Park ?	4
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	4
What famed river flows through Bagdad ?	4
Where is Basque country located ?	4
Jackson Pollock was a native of what country ?	4
Where does chocolate come from ?	4
What city was Martin Luther King Jr. assassinated in ?	4
What city is sometimes called The Athens of Switzerland ?	4
What London museum features a Chamber of Horrors ?	4
What is the tallest mountain ?	4
In what state was the first co-educational college established	4
Mississippi has what name for a state nickname ?	4
What was the tallest building in America in 1922 ?	4
Where was `` I have fallen , and I can 't get up '' said first ?	4
What bordering country is due north of Costa Rica ?	4
What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?	4
What river flows through Vienna , Budapest and Belgrade ?	4
Where is Mozambique located ?	4
What ocean does Mauritania border ?	4
What city was Bobby Kennedy assassinated in ?	4
What famed London criminal court was once a feudal castle ?	4
What prison is found in Ossining , New York ?	4
Where did makeup originate ?	4
Where can I get U.S. economic statistics ?	4
What are the five richest countries in the world ?	4
What U.S. state boasts Stone Mountain , the world 's largest mass of exposed granite ?	4
Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights ?	4
What is the oldest website on the Internet ?	4
What is the capital of Kosovo ?	4
What continent 's second-highest peak is Mont Blanc ?	4
Where was Poe born ?	4
What two countries ' coastlines border the Bay of Biscay ?	4
What man-made waterways is 1.76 miles long ?	4
What U.S. state is Dixville Notch in ?	4
What two countries share the Khyber Pass ?	4
What were the first bodies visited by spacecraft ?	4
What European country 's monarchy was restored in 1975 ?	4
What is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?	4
How many points is a bullseye worth in darts ?	5
How many yards are in 1 mile ?	5
How many languages does the Pope speak ?	5
What was the minimum wage in 1991 ?	5
How far is London UK from California ?	5
What brand number graces the black label of a bottle of Jack Daniel 's ?	5
How many people live in cities ?	5
How many flavors of ice cream does Howard Johnson 's have ?	5
What century did art 's Romantic Period begin in ?	5
How fast must a spacecraft travel to escape Earth 's gravity ?	5
How many votes in Congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with Japan ?	5
How many islands does Fiji have ?	5
How many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?	5
How many miles are there between Tel Aviv , Israel and Memphis , Tennessee ?	5
What amount of money did the Philippine ex-dictator Marcos steal from the treasury ?	5
How many people did Randy Craft kill ?	5
How many e-commerce companies are started every day ?	5
How many species of the Great White shark are there ?	5
How long ago did the Anglican church part from the Vatican ?	5
How many colored squares are there on a Rubik 's Cube ?	5
When did communist control end in Hungary ?	5
What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?	5
How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged ?	5
When is Bastille Day ?	5
How many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in Edgar Degas 's 1886 painting The Tub ?	5
How many times does the tide ebb and flow each day ?	5
How many boys play the game in Winslow Homer 's 1872 painting Snap the Whip ?	5
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?	5
What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?	5
How many people lived in Nebraska in the mid 1900s ?	5
When was the bar-code invented ?	5
How fast do cheetahs run ?	5
What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?	5
How many Russians have landed on the moon ?	5
How much money are Dumbo 's ears insured for ?	5
When was the Congress of Vienna ?	5
When did they canonize the Bible ?	5
How far out is the universe ?	5
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	5
What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?	5
What age is Benny Carter ?	5
What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?	5
What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America , ?	5
What year did the Vietnam War end ?	5
How many fingers are used to draw a bow ?	5
How many lawyers are there in the state of New Jersey ?	5
What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?	5
How many earthworms are in a single pasture ?	5
How long was the longest sneezing attack ?	5
How many people does Honda employ in the U.S. ?	5
What percentage of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths ?	5
How many different types of skunks are there ?	5
What is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bed ?	5
How many mountains have been named for Presidents in the continental USA ?	5
What is the population of Mozambique ?	5
What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?	5
How long should you feed your puppy Purina Puppy Chow ?	5
How big is the largest diamond ?	5
How many inches over six feet is Tom Selleck ?	5
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?	5
How many cards is each player dealt in Contract Bridge ?	5
When is Boxing Day ?	5
How many years did Sleeping Beauty sleep ?	5
How many letters appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone dial ?	5
When was General Manuel Noriega ousted as the leader of Panama and turned over to U.S. authorities ?	5
When was Nostradamus born ?	5
How many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?	5
How many oceans are there and name them ?	5
How much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the US ? , DT CD NN NN ,	5
Shea and Gould had an office in Los Angeles for how long before closing it ?	5
How many times larger than life size is the Statue of Liberty ?	5
CNN began broadcasting in what year ?	5
When will Jean Aeul publish her next book ?	5
How much does the President get paid ?	5
How many mines can still be found in the Falklands after the war ended ?	5
How many times more than 3	5
CNN 's first broadcast occurred on what date ?	5
What year did Montana become a state ?	5
When did the Carolingian period begin ?	5
What is the federal minimum wage ?	5
What is the approximate population of Las Vegas , N.M ?	5
How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?	5
What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America ?	5
When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia ?	5
What percentage of American men are alcoholic ?	5
How high is the city of Denver ?	5
How many American soldiers are stationed in South Korea ?	5
How far can a human eye see ?	5
How many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?	5
How many of them are in sub-Saharan Africa ?	5
What is the amount of money owed for illegally having a dog on a beach ?	5
How much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?	5
How wide is the Atlantic Ocean ?	5
What is the all-time stock high of Apple Computer , and where can I find this information ?	5
What geological time do we live in ?	5
How long does a pig 's orgasm last ?	5
What is the average life expectancy of a male in Ireland in 1996 ?	5
What is the population in India ?	5
How many people was Randy Craft convicted of murdering ?	5
How fast is a 45Mhz processor ?	5
How long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?	5
How many of every 10 members of the Rodeo Cowboys Association have never worked a ranch ?	5
How many propellers helped power the plane the Wright brothers flew into history ?	5
How many eyes does a bat have ?	5
How many people hike ?	5
How many U.S. presidents were assassinated during Queen Victoria 's reign ?	5
How big is our galaxy in diameter ?	5
How deep is a fathom ?	5
How many people die from snakebite poisoning in the U.S. per year ?	5
How many rings are there on a five-zone archery target ?	5
When was the first Barbie produced ?	5
In what year did Ireland elect its first woman president ?	5
How many years did Shea & Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?	5
