. itunes -- this is a love-hate relationship program ; . usually people with mac like this program than people with a pc , but depending on your computer expertise , this could be a difficult program to use , and it is required for an ipod .	1
transferring files couldn 't be easier thanks to the included software bundle .	1
the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! .	1
the i-pod is the best thing i have ever used .	1
while i had the phone , the positive features were : good sound quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece .	1
and it is very easy to clean .	1
great reception , visibility and interface ( may be complicated by others ) .	1
looks and shape : i have a black one and the first time i charged it and switched it on jeez the blue light looked so cool .	1
all the " cool " features of the mini , but with 20gb instead of 5 .	1
this one is really great .	1
it 's easy and really works , with some incredible range .	1
i 've yet to find the limitation for this hitachi ( my only hitachi tool , by the way ) and quite frankly , i don 't know that i have the muscle to push this machine any harder .	1
if you have to buy a camera on a bu get , this has got to be the one .	1
i also use the phone as my modem via bluetooth to my apple power book ! .	1
fm tuner & microphone : having a tuner in the player is a blessing .	1
i particularly like the " txt " file which records all the control information for all the pictures you take .	1
nice little phone . . . light compact . .	1
its well made and user friendly .	1
the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones .	1
it works with a minimum of fuss .	1
i was fortunate to get the packaging that still included all the accessories ( desk stand/hard case , belt clip , wall charger , etc ) .	1
it has it all .	1
this year , it seems that i choose my timing perfectly , having discovered the awesome device that is the zen micro .	1
there is an open-source firmware on the net which has tons of extra features .	1
i have not been disappointed with my purchase .	1
my experience with installation was quite good .	1
i noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well made and work well too .	1
overall , if you know what basic steps to take , it was not difficult to connect , and the s/w worked well to connect .	1
the sound is just fine .	1
i loaded a lot of photos into it and they display very clearly for such a small screen and , very importantly , the transition from one photo to the next is instantaneous .	1
i would have given this phone 5 stars if it wasn 't for the fact that i would rather use my 3330 to do all the most common things you do with a phone .	1
by no means do you have to be a tech junkie to be able to install it , just be able to put a cd in the computer and it tells you what to do .	1
pertaining to the speed issue : i got 54mps while i was in the same room .	1
diaper champ is by far the best diaper pail ! .	1
being a very economical person , i appreciate the fact that any plastic bag can be used with this system- i never did like the prospect of buying special diaper genie refills .	1
the good news is that the creative support is very responsive and after some emails and postal exchanges , i had a new zen .	1
while they all seem to have their own positives and negatives , i picked the zen micro over the ipod mini , because i am not an apple person , never has been - i wanted something that is fully compatible with windows media player .	1
my op ion is concentrate on what you need now , this product has excellent range , holds a teddy connection , ha sent even drooped one and i have it for more than a month now .	1
if you need a wireless router . . . . get it get it get it . . . . works really good . . . .	1
the supplied headphones are hands-down better than the mediocre ipod buds .	1
no offense to amazon , but i was able to find one online for just over 200 bucks ( i 'm sure prices here will continue to sink ) , and that also seemed quite a good bargain for the amount of storage space .	1
the package also comes with a usb cable , an ac adapter , a pair of headphones ( they 're okay until you get a better pair ) , a stand , and a microfiber pouch to carry your zen touch in .	1
i 've used the speakerphone for almost two hours once and the battery did not even go down one single bar .	1
i work on word , explorer , netscape , acrobat reader , photoshop at same time ( meaning using a lot of memory ) , but still dont see a problem with computer ( getting slow or crashing ) .	1
i have about 6 gb used on my ipod so far ( well over 1000 songs ) , and as far as i can tell , all of them play at near-cd quality .	1
the hard case they give with it must work well .	1
this is the mp3 player with everything i need . as long as it lasts me a good three years , i 'm satisfied .	1
i am a picture fanatic so i consider myself picky and if your the same way this camera will not let you down . now buy it ! .	1
+looks snazzy +smaller than a pack of smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as well as a hard shell that comes with a clip and a stand adapter +usb cable ! .	1
3 ) the champ is odor free for at least 15 months .	1
battery life is good , although i recommend two rechargeable , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics you have to have .	1
i must admit its not the best looking phone ever but then it has this look of static and absolute conviction that looks like everything a phone should be	1
a very well made product that has worked very well for me over the years .	1
there are extra features packed inside this unit ( some that most will hardly ever use ) such as fm radio tuner , voice recorder , calendar , and alarm clock .	1
but it is smooth , it is powerful , it is affordable & it has a proven track record .	1
the clarity is unbelievable , which means you can cram almost the full 2 , 5 ! .	1
and i must say . . . this mp3 is very cool .	1
the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ? .	1
i have had no problems with the phone .	1
it 's also easy to empty out .	1
the battery is alot better than most of the phones out there .	1
i have owned some kind of creative audio product since 1993 and have never had to call tech support .	1
hitachi 's m12v is a big beast of a router .	1
the extra spare battery is just a neat bonus .	1
the movie mode is also working great .	1
mine is as easy to use as the mini without any firmware download .	1
i got a 1gb mmc upgrade for this phone and now i can :	1
ball metaphor : i was hoping creative hit a home run here , and i think the zen micro is more like a stand-up double .	1
a call to customer support ( got to a live person within a couple of minutes ) helped me tweak a couple of the settings to streamline performance .	1
1 . record around 1 hour of video with phillips camcorder pro .	1
i have a couple hundred contacts and the menu loads within a few seconds , no big deal .	1
there seem to be fewer collisions and dropped packets as i read from the router logs than with my old dlink router .	1
wow - was that disappointing and we didn 't even have it 6 months before it broke .	1
also , i am quite partial to the creative mediasource organizer and player software , which i had with audigy zs sound card originally ; . it is definitely an added plus .	1
regardless to this fact , i believe the champ is the best way to go .	1
over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level ! .	1
this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images .	1
the diaper champ is the best ! .	1
- outstanding signal reception	1
this isn 't the most rugged phone ever but then your not gonna play airplane with this , are you .	1
really happy with this little camera .	1
the quality is superb .	1
the pc sync feature is superb that comes with nokia pc suite software ( with data cable or infrared port or bluetooth ) .	1
and we still love it ! .	1
the nokia 6600 is a decent extension of the smart phone line .	1
excellent diaper disposal unit .	1
for more than a year , and it is totally reliable .	1
versatile and stylish .	1
sound quality is great , fm tuner is fine , as is the recorder .	1
other than this , i am very pleased with the router and would buy it again .	1
another good feature is that you can charge the battery by just connecting the player to your computer using the usb cable .	1
i love the bluetooth ; . easy to use with a wireless abra headset .	1
this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer .	1
aside from a 6mb++ built-in phone memory , there 's a 32mb mmc card that goes with it ! .	1
the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful " scene " mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc . , are endless .	1
i 'm staying with sprint , and though i fear that their csr is n 't nearly as good as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is exceptional .	1
freebies you get : a cradle with detachable stand and belt clip , some thing very handy and useful .	1
photos are pretty darned good ! .	1
the height adjustment works well- not perfect .	1
nokia and t-mobile really teamed up well on this baby .	1
i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but on full size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive .	1
pros the design is very nice , and the colors are too .	1
it is a bit difficult to get the unit open ( the advice to take it slowly is sound ) , but now that our son is walking and exploring , i consider this a positive attribute ! .	1
5 ) bluetooth wireless technology , so that i can transfer data to and from my computer without messing with any cables .	1
i prefer things that are simple .	1
creating and modifying playlists is easy and clean .	1
however , the ipod does not come close to the number of extra features that the 'zen micro ' has to offer .	1
picture quality 's great for still and video with sound .	1
the bass is deep and the treble is clear .	1
the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to use , high quality , and compact in size .	1
so far it all works fine with either cable or wireless connections .	1
i have had several mp3 players over the past few years , and have to say that this by far is the best that i 've owned .	1
the touchpad is great once you get used to it , and i much prefer it to standard buttons or scroll wheels ( as on the dell dj for example ) .	1
i like the size and weight of this little critter .	1
its not a perfect system but its a very good one .	1
on the whole , i 'm quite happy with the purchase .	1
their products have been great and have saved my bacon on numerous occasions .	1
sound quality ? . phenomenal .	1
its also smaller , and gets more looks .	1
purchased this router a few months back , no problems whatsoever .	1
it is a great router for a table and with the depth adjustment knob it is easy to adjust depth precisely .	1
as for itunes , i don 't find it to be as good as the windows media player as a computer mp3 player , but it is good enough .	1
the setup was very easy .	1
the zen micro is no exception : in addition to the case , it comes with a neck strap , and has all of the necessary cables for syncing and charging .	1
6 . play game boy color games on it with go boy .	1
the documentation is much better than the documentation that came with the 11b router -- i needed a lot of help from linksys technical assistance to set that one up .	1
so i can 't tell you if diaper champ will be as good at containing the formula generated poop smell , but it 's excellent at containing the smell of poop of my breastfed baby ! .	1
the total price with delivery ( free shipping ) was $135 ! .	1
the nokia 6610 is a relatively new phone , and what a great phone it is .	1
you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n 't make that big of a disturbance .	1
awesome camera with huge print quality in a tiny package .	1
and we definitely prefer our champ ! .	1
i love the touchpaper controls .	1
first let me say that it is much smaller than it looks on the web and it also looks better .	1
when it 's working , it 's great but it is very temper mental .	1
fits well in hand in trouser pockets .	1
get great themes and wallpapers for this phone and many many polyphonic rings .	1
they fix the problem and help you with whatever your i-pod needs comes with two usb ports and a charger .	1
the log functions helps you track down the incoming , outgoing calls in the most easy of ways .	1
i recommend it to both parents of infants and toddlers .	1
for a sleeker , smaller and more " average " mp3 player the nitrus is great but the ipod blows it out of the water - the interface is great and the design is wonderful .	1
i got the diaper champ because of the great reviews as well as the fact that you can use regular garbage bags .	1
but if you use all bluetooth accessories , as i do , its really not an issue .	1
track # , name , artist , album and genre is automatically-retrieved via internet-labeled , and properly categorized into the zen .	1
utility its got a huge list of features including an fm recorder a calender and contacts list .	1
and it is extremely well-priced for what you 're getting .	1
overall this is a slightly better than average phone .	1
this router works at 54mbps that 's megabyte not kilobyte .	1
itunes can be downloaded from the enclosed cd or for free from the apple site .	1
1 . the phone has the best keypad any nokia phone has to offer .	1
the first one lasted about 6 years of heavy use .	1
works pretty well .	1
i can tell using the phone that it feels a little flimsier than motorola's do , but as long as i 'm not planning on dropping the phone or running over it with my car it should be just fine .	1
this is my first digital camera and i can say that i am quite impressed with the features that it has .	1
just follow the instructions carefully , it 's all based on a cd that has everything you need to get you up and running in no time .	1
we don 't have to worry about running out of refills with this diaper pail ! .	1
the use of 65536 ( 16bit ) colors ensures you get your share of animations and icons on your phone	1
creative has been making computer sound equipment for decades and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough quality and , yes , charm to win a nice size of the digital player pie .	1
yes , the 1-800 number probably redirected me to someone in india , but the guy was easy to understand , and he helped solve the problem .	1
the phone has such advantages as the excellent keypad and display , long rundown time and a good software suite .	1
firewire & usb2 . 0 -- for those fortunate enough to have firewire400 , your in for a real treat with auto sync .	1
the best part about this router is now i have a dhaka server .	1
it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i . e . organizer ) , and the radio ! .	1
the 6600 was the best phone i could find with these options that i could get with t-mobile .	1
your choice of ten colors in a beatiful package .	1
overall the phones fantastic , and i would have given it 5 stars , but its not perfect .	1
i imagine if i left my player untouched ( no backlight ) it could play for considerably more than 12 hours at a low volume level .	1
it 's still alive , still kicking , and still playing .	1
the phone itself is pretty nice .	1
10 great price for all the features .	1
as i mentioned in my first paragraph , it supports wpa security , which is far superior to wep .	1
i could take 1/2 " passes and it still didn 't skip a beat .	1
the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust .	1
the speakerphone , the radio , all features work perfectly .	1
reset the network , tried the connection , and it 's working like a charm .	1
in conclusion , i gave the ipod a 4/5 because anything this expensive should would work just about flawlessly .	1
it also works just fine for international calls .	1
the main issue now is that this new zen micro seems to be the best on the market at least temporarily .	1
however since this router is backward compatible , that doesn 't pose a problem at all .	1
i first used the router in the free hand mode and liked it a lot .	1
you can use the ob ex file transfer service with bluetooth from linux ( kde-bluetooth provides a nice integration into conqueror for this ) for sending files to the phone .	1
i bought my zen micro three months ago mainly because i preferred the size and style to the ipod mini .	1
this phone is one of the milestones in the history of the cellular phones .	1
- solid , high-quality construction	1
the nokia 660 runs the symbian os , which works pretty well for most standard phone fare , most of the stuff is not that intuitive , but if you actually learn how to use it all , there 's plenty of neat tie-ins .	1
but i wanted to do some raised panel work and needed more power and variable speed to run the large-diameter bits .	1
the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable .	1
overall an excellent phone .	1
once installed , however , some of the functions do work ok ( disk doctor , one button checkup , and win doctor ) .	1
i ended up buying one for upstairs and one for downstairs because it works so well and because i change him so often downstairs .	1
it has many great features and very few bad ones .	1
small size .	1
i 've used the corporate edition at work without any problems ever .	1
the computer interface is 90% good , only losing points due to the fact that " creative " branding is all over the place within it .	1
as for bluetooth , no problems at all .	1
overall , the micro is a solid device and i haven 't fell into a problem with it yet *knocks on wood* .	1
best in class .	1
really easy to use .	1
works perfectly with my netgear wireless paramecia .	1
not only is it the perfect size ( not too small , not too large ) , it also has all the features a high-tech phone user would want .	1
we keep the diaper champ in our daughter 's nursery and her room definitely does not smell like dirty diapers .	1
outside of the t-mobile service area the phone seamlessly jumped onto at&t wireless and various other services where the t-mobile service was unavailable .	1
but , then again , the ringer can be so loud that i heard it ringing inside my office , when i was already out on the street . . .	1
the blue light also makes this player one of the most fashionable in the market also .	1
anyhow , this software is working fine and no problems since i installed it two weeks ago .	1
i 'm not sure whether this is related to the charge cycle of its li-ion battery , the better firmware , or a combination of both factors .	1
probably a great phone overall , and perhaps mine just has bugs .	1
before you run out and buy an ipod , understand something : there are reasons the zen is worth encountering this kind of hassle , principally excellent ( for mp3 ) sound quality .	1
it 's really well made and has survived sliding across floors and pavement without a scratch .	1
these issues aside , the ipod is kind of like the cell phone in that once you have one , you can 't be without one .	1
while it didn 't have all the features i would have liked , it was better than anything else i could find at the time .	1
even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! . shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could never tell that the picture has been taken by a " digital " .	1
comes with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small .	1
finding all the albums , songs etc is much easier than you would think it would be even if you have 20 gig ( well 18 gig ) worth of music .	1
it is small enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse .	1
this is the first phone i know of that has the large bright screen , infrared , bluetooth , usb connector and a speakerphone .	1
the manual mode is feature rich and i can 't wait to get the hang of it .	1
the setup was a breeze , i had some reservations about a wireless network ( see my review for linksys wet11 ) but this item was on sale as well as the wet11 so i just had to splurge .	1
it is nokia and thus easy to access the menu options .	1
downloads are a snap and quick .	1
and also , since it is teri band and since it uses sim-card , you can just use it in europe and many other parts of the world , wherever gsm exists .	1
it 'll make life a lot easier , and preclude you from having to give this product a negative review .	1
t-mobile was a pretty good server .	1
the software included is an easy installation and you have the option of using the creative software , windows media player 10 , or simply windows explorer to move music back and forth between your zen touch .	1
great camera , great investment ! .	1
the nokia 6600 is a great phone , good games , good camera .	1
that 's it for now , what are you doing still reading this , click the " add to cart " button already ! .	1
it is very easy to change bits without removing the router from the table and the shaft lock works great .	1
the pop up blocker and anti-spam are bonuses .	1
4 . the build is just right .	1
the darn thing works as promised and it 's amazingly cheap too .	1
this one has a color display , which i like a lot , being very visual .	1
you can turn this phone into a gaming machine , a camcorder or a digital camera , an mp3-player , a movie viewer , a voice recorder , a personal secretary , a gaps map browser , a book , a multifunction remote controller , practically everything that you can do with the computer , plus it is a phone ( ! . ! . ) and also you can carry it in your pocket : ) .	1
i just got an older 866 mhz system with 512 pc 133 ram and it also runs fine on that .	1
after installation , which was very simple . . . . i downloaded any updated software from the creative website , before i downloaded any music .	1
i like the automatic key lock function .	1
using the software itunes is relatively simple , you just plug the usb cable in , wait your machine to detect the ipod and voila , any songs listed in your itunes library will be transfer ed on over to the ipod .	1
the headphones have great sound and durability and mine came with some extras when i bought it ( a stand , a belt hook , charger ) that i know doesn 't come with every one .	1
personally , i am very pleased with the diaper champ .	1
i love how small the thing is , and the blue glow - i 've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all .	1
i upgraded both my card and router and really had no problems with installation on my sony vaio laptop ( xp operating system ) .	1
great phone , i 'd buy another .	1
the battery life is less than stellar , but it charges w/ the quickness .	1
i had a casio unit , which had given great service , and would have been happy to get another one , but was tempted by the ipod 's sleek design , storage capacity , connection options- - firewire and usb , and its integration with itunes .	1
has the click wheel and the ability to scan through thousands of songs and organizes them great .	1
the zen micro is smaller than it looks in pictures , and feels very solid .	1
overall , it 'll make my move that much easier knowing i don 't have to worry about connectivity .	1
all in all , this is a wonderful device .	1
using your own bags is much cheaper and convenient .	1
i was looking for a phone which synced with mac osx using bluetooth , had decent battery life , could check email , had good reception , nice screen size and was durable ( i break often break small gadgets )	1
negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , barely visible , power button .	0
and the battery life is bad ! .	0
1-a cell phone is to make calls , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you 'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .	0
for last one month my rebate status showing me that my rebate is approved and check is delivered but still i am waiting for check .	0
especially the bluetooth server . . . meaning you have to restart the phone if you want bluetooth to work again .	0
there isn 't much features on the ipod at all , except games .	0
after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent .	0
almost from the beginning , liveupdate would not function .	0
i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet .	0
im at full capacity ! . ! . ! . ! . i called syman tic and they said they don 't know why but i should get tech 's support at $35/hr to help ! . ! . i did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes until i hung up ! .	0
the navigation takes so much time that it would eventually drive you crazy .	0
first of all , i 've never been big on earbuds - they 're just not that comfortable .	0
this product has virtually all the same installation problems .	0
one caveat i have is that i understand the ipod does not save the photos in such a way that the quality of the image is preserved .	0
the ipod comes formatted for the mac , but within seconds of plugging it into a pc , is automatically reformatted for windows . ( the hp version comes with windows formatting , and takes seconds to change to mac . ) although the ipod can be changed from one format to another , you will lose all of your music and data when doing so .	0
symantec should give us all a refund and apology ! .	0
basically , i ate the cost of the renewal and ate the cost of the tech help .	0
my last simpler nokia started right up and was immediately ready for use .	0
if you experience problems with installation , you can visit symantec 's website , click the support tab , click the 'home or home office support ' and there is an automated support assistant that can scan the norton program files on your computer and it will tell you what is not working right and how to fix it .	0
apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands .	0
ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a regular ring .	0
my ipod freezes occasionally , which is especially annoying when you 're in the middle of a game of " brick . " *	0
it 's not as stylized as a sony or samsung .	0
it was immediately noticeable that nis slows down my computer ( pent4 , 256 ram ) .	0
looks and durability : i realize many people are fond of the minimalist white interface .	0
its quiet .	0
battery : compared to the other players on the market , the ipod has one of the worst batteries around .	0
the only main drawback is the fact that the voice-dialing system is kinda picky .	0
start up , log off , log on . . . everything became very slow .	0
i tried disabling the various components provided with this product , paring it all the way back to anti-virus only service . . . and saw no improvement .	0
i have a modern pc with lots of speed and memory , but this firewall just brought it to a halt .	0
so , don 't buy this or upgrade .	0
unfortunately , it does not give you the option of installing ( or installing ) them individually .	0
finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier .	0
t-mobile wasn 't upfront about some of the terms to qualify for the rebate .	0
i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing .	0
now in october , 2004 , the firewall said i couldn 't ok anymore software to use the internet because its full .	0
avoid this product at all costs .	0
customer service : awful . listen to this one , remember the battery statement i made earlier .	0
after a recent update , i can no longer open more then 1 browser window .	0
the only problem that i have found with the internet service is that it does not access mils ( real estate broker software ) very well at all .	0
cons : no am/fm radio tuner -- something a large number of compete tors are doing	0
the only downside i have found with this phone is that it is a bit slow to react , meaning when i push the contacts button , it takes a while to load , this is true for almost all the menus and programs on the phone .	0
however , the battery life isn 't as good as i would like .	0
i will never buy their product again at this rate , and neither should you .	0
norton online support does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer .	0
i am an it professional and have used norton for years , but this product is a complete and utter dud .	0
you can 't change the battery , so i don 't know what i 'm going to do in a year or so .	0
for purposes of clarity , here is my review from that product , edited to be appropriate for this product , since , for the most part , they share many of the same problems .	0
the battery power discharges rapidly especially on using the web browser .	0
after scouring the various boards i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem .	0
i read many reviews on norton i . s . 2004 from a variety of sources ( cnet , amazon , message boards ) and came to the conclusion that nis 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update .	0
its steel backing picks up fingerprints and scratches easily , not great from a cosmetic standpoint .	0
when i purchase software , i never want to have to spend hours looking up solutions to my install problems -- in particular solutions that involve manually setting driver preferences or editing the registry ! .	0
i 've had to install and uninstall them four or five times so far , and i 've not to get either product working properly .	0
also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4 . 99 / mo . ) never works .	0
i tried it again this morning and it said i didn 't have the required " permissions " and lacked proper administrator status .	0
i really regret signing up with t-mobile , but i 'm stuck with them for the next 6 months of the contract .	0
however , i am very disappointed with this product and with symantec .	0
it feels like i 'm back to the days of 56k dial-up internet service , even though i 'm running a dell 2ghz pentium 4 with 256mb memory and have had excellent broadband service for the past year .	0
to install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything called symantec or nortron , . . . also from the common files in the program folder the symantec folder has to be deleted .	0
sometimes , various applications crash .	0
another thing you should know , the metal on the flip side of the ipod is very tacky , and scratches very easily .	0
norton support is completely pathetic .	0
it 's a rip off if one buys norton internet security and antivirus .	0
but those 2 come up every time .	0
i already knew something was wrong , because much of the spam i 've seen in the past six months was from resellers of norton products .	0
i had much of the same problems that everyone else has listed ( mainly the slow processor ) , and then i couldn 't get the damn thing off my computer completely ! .	0
if you call apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged , they charge you roughly $105 . 50 per minute and blame you for " abusing " your ipod .	0
apple 's ipod battery replacement service costs $100 ! .	0
but if i installed either one of these norton products , neither works after installation ? .	0
i simply hate symantec . i swear , if i could have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my bare , bleeding hands , i would have .	0
the other annoyance with this that you have to remove every single remnant of previous version of norton systemworks before you installs this .	0
one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible .	0
first , it serious , serious installation problems .	0
and i can 't warn you enough to stay away from norton ! . ! .	0
holy cow ! . it really does scratch easily ! .	0
but , i am quite unhappy with nokia at the moment .	0
- no voice activated dialing ( what were they thinking	0
if you are already using a previous version of nortron security and uni stalled it to install the new version , you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system ! .	0
a lot of " fragments " were left in the registry , and it the norton system folders .	0
the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad .	0
is it necessary to scan my ms money database when i close the program ? .	0
ultimately you will learn just how bad nokia is , and why their recent loss of market share is so utterly deserved .	0
it has an equalizer , but the iriver h10-20gb has a lot more presets than the ipod .	0
one downside : as of this writing , t-mobile has n 't updated their t-zone system to fully support the 6610 .	0
but this doesn 't make up for it 's innumerable other short-comings , the biggest of which is the inability to download any updates due to problems with liveupdate .	0
in my opinion the worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume control .	0
2 ) phone is awfully slow .	0
i did it and it was worse the second time around . . . unbelievable .	0
it 's important that people know the following : first , the interface is slow .	0
the only problem is the size of the keys .	0
i have never had this problem with any other software on my computer .	0
the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird .	0
i finally got a free support number for norton through my usp support staff , but waited an hour or more for a voice .	0
i can not find a carrier for this phone i like , end up just tossing it in my purse .	0
there is no way you can talk with customer care about this .	0
my only complaint ( really more of an observation ) is that the outside finish of the ipod is rather delicate , so i am going to get a case for mine so it doesn 't get all scratched up .	0
though nearly a dozen different people at both t-mobile and nokia have told me otherwise , it is simply not possible to use this phone as a bluetooth modem for the vast majority of pdas and many other devices .	0
just the home version of norton internet/av has too many glitches and problems to even remotely bother with .	0
it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) .	0
buttons do seem a little sticky tho . . and the hands free kits ' connector might be a problem . .	0
the biggest problem is the installation .	0
what disappoints me the most that a software like that is not cheap gets zero support form symantec , if you want support , they 'll charge you a fee ! .	0
this product is absolutely not ready for release .	0
the next problem was that it didn 't recognize all the installed components , so it would not update them , most notably and importantly , virus definitions .	0
the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call .	0
namely , it wouldnt sync .	0
no problems now , just a sickly disappointment in the way norton has abandoned their customers .	0
i have found too many bugs in norton internet security professional to recommend it to any one without extreme patience and experience .	0
seems the " program scan " feature did not find the exe file for outlook ! .	0
also if you do manage to get it installed , any problems with liveupdate or with system works will also affect the functionality and/or the process of updating internet security .	0
- some features in the user interface	0
also , the battery 's aren 't user replaceable .	0
it was a symantec error .	0
we constantly got " windows virtual memory low " error messages popping up foll wed by ridiculous slowdowns and/or crashes .	0
during install , nis would either freeze or not reboot properly when asked to do so .	0
*	0
buying software that can not be installed normally and being put into the position of having a non-working computer .	0
4- my idea was that it was an all-in-one , and that theory -once again- proves wrong , this phone ex cells at nothing , less than average in everything , if you seriously need any of the " other than phone " functionalists , you 'll be disappointed . . . . if you have lots of money and bought it for the love of gadgets then fine . . . . but don 't expect to get much done .	0
when you consider expandability ( downloads via computer ) , the numerous features , two transmission programs and multiple storage devices , dependability - this is a phone that isn 't easy to out-grow .	0
our norton internet/av 2004 was terrible right from the get go , so i 'd think that if steelworks is ok now , it should remain ok .	0
i 'm an advocate of nokia , but this phone and the following models ( 7610 ) , are seemingly a desperate trial at squeezing as much under-engineered and experimental technologies in one sloppy phone .	0
there will be much erasing of text as , one would tend to type something instead of the actual letters .	0
i give it 4-stars only because the installation process - or rather problems that may surface during the installation process - can be frustrating to the average computer user .	0
only if we could get one camera in it . .	0
3 no voice recorder -- this has also become an important and popular feature that the ipod unfortunately doesn 't have .	0
a bit disappoint on that ! .	0
if you have no previous version of nortron security on your system , or nortron antivirus , the installation will go fine , otherwise dig in and in to do a major registery clean up ! . the old programs will leave a trace that will mess up the new installation , even if you uninstalled the old programs perfectly .	0
4 ) buttons are quite small and is really a pain exp if one is fond of text messaging .	0
*the ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything and gets scratched easily .	0
- no proprietary headset jack	0
and , when you think about it , it 's insulting that norton requires its customers to jump through these hoops -- anyone who can provide proof of purchase , whether on the phone or online ( what if your computer is down ? . ) , should have equal priority .	0
only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing .	0
t610 supports only midi files .	0
while i was trying to play half life 2 it started popping up with " alerts " every twenty seconds ( literally ) , warning me my antivirus protection was off .	0
there technical service isn 't helpful either ; . they just read what 's on their website and charge you $50 ( + toll fees ) to do it .	0
when i finally got it working , it only worked properly for many a month .	0
the biggest red flag for me was the fact that although my cousin 's player was relatively new , it was riddled with scratches .	0
i see many other reviews that say the same . . . . stay away from norton , they don 't deserve you , or anyone ! .	0
i 'm giving it 1 star because as compared to other nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other blunders by other companies ( such a samsung and motorola ) it might be good . . . . but if you 're getting a nokia , don 't get this one .	0
in short - nokia themselves don 't know that this phone doesn 't work with the palm , and if you don 't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from scripts , chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly .	0
then , my ad/pop-up blocking was completely gone .	0
they really are awfully small .	0
regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop .	0
poor visibility on the keys .	0
doesn 't have alot of good games on it .	0
of course , if you try to reach symantec customer service you get useless automated systems unless you want to pay $30 per incident .	0
i have read the installation instructions for both nis 2004 and navy 2004 prior to installation , but still ended up with the same result . . . junk software .	0
the 6610 has the radio function which is utterly useless .	0
i 've always liked symantec products , except for this version 2004 .	0
don 't use them , so i delete them for addle space .	0
the vibration is not top .	0
as a windows user , i had to install the software including drivers and itunes on my desktop , and this is the only area where i encountered a nuisance .	0
however , in my mind , $299 is a lot to pay for a device that will only last 18 months .	0
their site offers no live help at all .	0
my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons .	0
one other issue is that the headphone jack is unique to nokia , so standard headphones will not work .	0
the back of the ipod is in a chrome finish , and this surface is prone to scratches .	0
this version of internet security 2004 , is beyond hope .	0
when talking the voice is not very clear .	0
the only problem i had was a few components didn 't quite load correctly upon startup , but a reboot fixed the problem .	0
games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link cable to get additional games .	0
the volume .	0
there is absolutely nothing useful at the symantec/norton site .	0
i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( laos angele's ) is horrendous .	0
norton has been on a downhill slid recently with their products , but with this one , they have fallen off the cliff .	0
the battery issue is superficially a concern , but any reasonable solder-jockey ( such as myself : - ) can pop in a new one when the time comes ( based upon the plentiful info gained from a go ogle for 'ipod battery replacement ' ) .	0
i was using a motorola t720i with verizon and i had alot of dropped calls and i had troubles syncing data .	0
norton internet security 2004 is one of the more buggy implementations .	0
the only problem i had was a small glitch with t-mobile .	0
so i e-mailed the online tech support with that simple question , and got a reply which was totally unresponsive ( it looked as though they didn 't actually read the e-mail and just sent back a few boilerplate paragraphs ) .	0
this phone is not suitable for fast people , maybe only for old people .	0
5 ) video recorder is of no use and one can not record something useful in 10 seconds and it takes a while to send the same through the " free picture and video messaging " offered by service provider .	0
after 4 attempted installs , i have finally given up .	0
but i had to give you four because the service for my brand-new ipod was terribly slow .	0
i am bored with the silver look .	0
i am an advanced computer user , so i can not even imagine how a new or novice user would ever get this terrible program to work ! .	0
even though i have the parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my computer .	0
warning ! . the windows " remove program " feature does not do a good job of this , and neither does norton 's own removal program .	0
the phone has a few minor inconveniences , but only because it lacks those features , bluetooth and high spend internet , but there are very few problems with things that you expected this phone to do .	0
once again it won 't reinstall , even with online and email assistance from symantect technicians .	0
buy this if you like mental challenges or trying how to pick locks .	0
it would not hang up on calls .	0
the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap it out .	0
i am giving a zero star to symantec for this version ! .	0
then when i went to norton 's website to obtain a priority id number per the instructions i had been given , i couldn 't find a way to get one .	0
there are some features in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient .	0
this time , it started the installation process , then i left for work . i think it will work . i hope it will work .	0
the best thing to do with this version , is to leave it on the store shelf . it doesn 't work , and will cost you an enormous amount of your time , not to mention your hard earned dollars .	0
i find this feature on this phone useless , but , since i don 't really need this function anyway , i don 't really use it .	0
the more subtle tones that were included with the phone are hard to hear at times .	0
sure they say if it 's their fault you won 't get charged , but they are the ones who get to decide whether it 's their fault .	0
pc cable is too expensive . . . $ 50 for a usb cable ? .	0
this program would not let me send outlook email or listen to audible sample books online .	0
the menu pops up after 3 seconds the picture takes a while to load from its slow card memory .	0
it locked during install and i had to reformat the drive and start from scratch ( greer ! . )	0
after telling the rep and his tech supervisor the problem the only answer was to uninstall the program ( which i had already done ) . . .	0
this phone doesn 't include phone card calling .	0
booting up my computer took forever ! . ! . ! .	0
so far i haven 't had so much complaints except that i still haven 't mastered how to scandisk when using internet security .	0
i could hardly use it without a recharge in 2 days ! .	0
we can start by losing the shiny miracle-material cover that you can literally scratch just by looking at it wrong , and thus eliminate the need for third-party " asking " protective covers for an extra thirty bucks .	0
there is no photo viewing option , however , there is a 20 gb photo ipod , but it costs $20 more .	0
i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked .	0
i had a question about the pros and cons of turning off the norton firewall vs . the windows firewall , and waited 45 minutes to speak with a tech support representative because i did not have a " customer priority id number . "	0
i 'm probably the only person that dislikes the itunes software .	0
basically the 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped features you don 't and won 't need ( if you do get yourself a pda or pocket pc ) , none of them work as they should , and the basic phone functions and ergonomics are less than average .	0
the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network .	0
i had tried to uninstall norton internet security a few weeks ago , and it wouldn 't let me do that either .	0
2- it is bulky and the small buttons on the sides are sloppy to use .	0
among its weak points is the mmc slot location and a bit vague design .	0
sometimes when you press buttons , the menu appears after a second or two .	0
it also does n 't have voice activated dialing . big minus ! . ! .	0
i mean , they 're short ! .	0
again , every review written about the tech line is true . . . after waiting close to 45 minutes i finally spoke to a rep .	0
just don 't get drawn into t-mobile 's catchy rebate .	0
however , the calls constantly drop in my area and i experience mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a clear line .	0
finally , after about a week 's use , the screen started to freeze on me .	0
if you currently own the 2003 version , and are looking to upgrade to the 2004 version , don 't .	0
i will say that the os that the phone runs does have a few issues .	0
the photos in the address book are terribly scaled too ; . they look as though they were built out of lego's .	0
however , symantec has taken a significant turn for the worse with this release .	0
they said they would refund all the money , but a month later , they tell me now the back-up disc is not refundable as its cost is purely handling and shipping - $15 to " handle " and ship a cd ? . -- and they have been indignant and combative on the phone and in emails .	0
the menu options are uncreative , as you can 't see a full screen of menu items to pick from ; . you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your eye on the road ! . ) .	0
there are some highs to the 2004 edition , but mostly lows .	0
now the bad : 1 ) as usual , battery power not sufficient for daily usu age .	0
secondly , in addition to the lag each time you give a command , it 's just not that easily use able on the go .	0
multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you 'd expect .	0
since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " .	0
their network coverage is very sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience .	0
the battery life can 't be very long ; . let 's not be greedy .	0
first , it failed whenever connecting to get updates .	0
my old sony ericsson t610 has this feature .	0
although i disabled norton antispam , it is still there .	0
after 10 years , i now downloaded mccaffee 's product after calling their support . . . . they answered quickly , and for free , and were very helpful .	0
other things that i miss are voice-activated dialing and a standard 2 . 5 mm headset jack .	0
after several years of torture in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! .	0
the backlight on the phone goes off way too quickly ( dangerous when you 're driving at night ) , and there 's no way to change this --	0
this is only a problem at night , during the day the screen is very easy to see .	0
i downloaded this set from norton , and within minutes my internet connection failed and my pc was almost dead due to registry problems from the download .	0
yeah - this program protects your computer all right - by locking you off the internet .	0
the " movies " last about 5 seconds .	0
at first glance , i thought this phone was a little too big for me , maybe a little too complicated .	0
the program brings more problems than a virus , albeit not as major problems , just not what you expect for 70 bucks .	0
long reboots due to norton taking forever to boot .	0
next , the big reason not to buy any norton product : if there 's a problem with it , norton charges $30 to even tell them about it .	0
i am glad that i do not work for norton .	0
if you are new to the market and looking to buy a symantec software product , save yourself some money and buy the 2003 version .	0
you also need to go in and manually remove many symantec files from the registry .	0