the performances take the movie to a higher level .	1
involves two mysteries -- one it gives away and the other featuring such badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters .	0
two hours fly by -- opera 's a pleasure when you do n't have to endure intermissions -- and even a novice to the form comes away exhilarated .	1
paid in full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from brian de palma 's scarface .	0
we root for (clara and paul) , even like them , though perhaps it 's an emotion closer to pity .	1
the last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the same teenage american road-trip drek we 've seen before - only this time you have to read the fart jokes	0
the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately do n't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays .	0
generally , clockstoppers will fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler , while happily killing 94 minutes .	1
deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises	1
for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal .	1
davis ... is so enamored of her own creation that she ca n't see how insufferable the character is .	0
a lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j.m. barrie 's peter pan .	0
there 's something auspicious , and daring , too , about the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like steven spielberg to follow a.i. with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority .	1
the movie 's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach .	0
due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director 's brother , the film trails off into inconsequentiality .	0
cq 's reflection of artists and the love of cinema-and-self suggests nothing less than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best european directors .	1
a rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love .	1
about a manga-like heroine who fights back at her abusers , it 's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological .	1
by candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music , (jones) calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity .	1
... plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments .	0
a cartoon that 's truly cinematic in scope , and a story that 's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big , four-legged herbivore .	1
ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine .	0
for the first time in years , de niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he 's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars .	1
... mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero . '	1
it moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it does n't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the cold war datedness -- of its premise .	1
rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment .	0
nervous breakdowns are not entertaining .	0
the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves .	0
the sort of film that makes me miss hitchcock , but also feel optimistic that there 's hope for popular cinema yet .	1
i do n't think i laughed out loud once .	0
a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original .	1
in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest .	0
there 's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of birthday girl .	1
belongs to daniel day-lewis as much as it belongs to martin scorsese ; it 's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film .	1
scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence .	0
(t) here 's only so much anyone can do with a florid , overplotted , anne rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them .	0
irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films , but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater .	0
prurient playthings aside , there 's little to love about this english trifle .	0
i had to look away - this was god awful .	0
the quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy .	1
with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge .	0
the story and structure are well-honed .	1
anchored by friel and williams 's exceptional performances , the film 's power lies in its complexity .	1
wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty .	0
the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well .	0
the overall effect is less like a children 's movie than a recruitment film for future hollywood sellouts .	0
the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did .	0
the film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of joan 's madness .	1
like mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well .	1
though it 's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to leigh for actually casting people who look working-class .	1
it 's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think .	1
griffiths proves she 's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession .	1
beautifully observed , miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama .	1
professionally speaking , it 's tempting to jump ship in january to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller .	0
for the most part stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .	1
it 's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up .	0
in all , this is a watchable movie that 's not quite the memorable experience it might have been .	0
the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy .	0
as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming .	1
this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .	0
like being trapped at a perpetual frat party ... how can something so gross be so boring ?	0
instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it 's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life .	1
works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them .	0
k-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap hollywood tension .	0
taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes .	0
it 's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children .	1
verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies .	0
outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent .	0
a study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers ...	1
a rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers .	1
sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest .	0
it appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen .	0
there 's too much falseness to the second half , and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging .	0
an infectious cultural fable with a tasty balance of family drama and frenetic comedy .	1
a fitfully amusing romp that , if nothing else , will appeal to fans of malcolm in the middle and its pubescent star , frankie muniz .	1
it provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds .	1
it takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of robert forster , anne meara , eugene levy , and reginald veljohnson all in the same movie .	0
should have been someone else -	0
jaglom ... put (s) the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters	1
we have n't seen such hilarity since say it is n't so !	1
a great ensemble cast ca n't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar .	0
it 's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one .	0
suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative .	0
more romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original .	1
stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time .	0
it 's as if you 're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker .	0
despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience .	1
the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip .	0
good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back !	1
it all drags on so interminably it 's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time .	0
try as i may , i ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` thank you ! '	0
jones ... does offer a brutal form of charisma .	1
the subtle strength of `` elling '' is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation .	1
(næs) directed the stage version of elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage .	1
the film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when carvey 's saturday night live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment .	0
excessive , profane , packed with cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters .	0
stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad .	0
in the end , the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director joe carnahan .	0
the so-inept - it 's - surreal dubbing (featuring the voices of glenn close , regis philbin and breckin meyer) brings back memories of cheesy old godzilla flicks .	0
it 's hard to imagine alan arkin being better than he is in this performance .	1
the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production 's austere locales .	1
it haunts you , you ca n't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it .	1
at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there 's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential .	0
whether writer-director anne fontaine 's film is a ghost story , an account of a nervous breakdown , a trip down memory lane , all three or none of the above , it is as seductive as it is haunting .	1
the heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence .	0
at its best , queen is campy fun like the vincent price horror classics of the '60s .	1
an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce .	0
but this films lacks the passion required to sell the material .	0
reign of fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way .	1
building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise .	1
against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine .	1
more whiny downer than corruscating commentary .	0
director andrew niccol ... demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame .	1
so , too , is this comedy about mild culture clashing in today 's new delhi .	1
a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda .	1
it 's a much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and gibson , stepping in for bruce willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip .	1
but what are adults doing in the theater at all ?	0
a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow .	1
the problem with this film is that it lacks focus .	0
a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama .	1
the most compelling wiseman epic of recent years .	1
it 's inoffensive , cheerful , built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery , it 's about as exciting as a sunburn .	0
the socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides ... (and) personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy .	1
... turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock .	0
not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions .	0
fancy a real downer ?	0
passable entertainment , but it 's the kind of motion picture that wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards .	0
a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 .	1
just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .	0
(director) o'fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen , but his skill at telling a story -- he also contributed to the screenplay -- falls short .	0
will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues .	1
as unseemly as its title suggests .	1
sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is rebecca romijn-stamos .	0
the continued good chemistry between carmen and juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained .	1
not only is undercover brother as funny , if not more so , than both austin powers films , but it 's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time .	1
majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places .	1
burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast .	0
but it 's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle .	0
lovely and poignant .	1
at once half-baked and overheated .	0
reggio 's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking .	1
so unassuming and pure of heart , you ca n't help but warmly extend your arms and yell ` safe ! '	1
falls neatly into the category of good stupid fun .	1
a deep and meaningful film .	1
unflinchingly bleak and desperate	0
... the film suffers from a lack of humor (something needed to balance out the violence) ...	0
aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better .	1
from the opening scenes , it 's clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie .	0
it 's fun lite .	1
the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it seems better , not just bigger .	1
it 's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it does n't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks .	0
it is great summer fun to watch arnold and his buddy gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters .	1
made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss .	0
allows us to hope that nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker .	1
a quiet treasure -- a film to be savored .	1
an operatic , sprawling picture that 's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length .	1
it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .	1
there 's not enough here to justify the almost two hours .	0
what better message than ` love thyself ' could young women of any size receive ?	1
oh come on .	0
the format gets used best ... to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and bmx riders , whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups .	1
why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ?	0
... is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri .	0
the film 's performances are thrilling .	1
not far beneath the surface , this reconfigured tale asks disturbing questions about those things we expect from military epics .	1
a coarse and stupid gross-out .	0
directed in a paint-by-numbers manner .	0
seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work .	1
it 's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellor that makes this `` two weddings and a funeral '' fun .	1
the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .	1
binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .	1
late marriage 's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep u.s. viewers off their feet .	0
this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film .	0
\/ but daphne , you 're too buff \/ fred thinks he 's tough \/ and velma - wow , you 've lost weight !	0
a taut psychological thriller that does n't waste a moment of its two-hour running time .	1
for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it 's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking .	0
there 's ... tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate .	1
the structure the film takes may find matt damon and ben affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a good will hunting trilogy that was never planned .	1
harrison 's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all .	1
although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches , the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women .	1
broomfield turns his distinctive ` blundering ' style into something that could really help clear up the case .	1
a very well-made , funny and entertaining picture .	1
comes ... uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief .	0
scooby dooby doo \/ and shaggy too \/ you both look and sound great .	1
the band 's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies (this one included) .	1
this one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics .	0
miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness .	1
not exactly the bees knees	0
(lawrence bounces) all over the stage , dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place .	1
chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum .	0
you wo n't like roger , but you will quickly recognize him .	0
it 's a scattershot affair , but when it hits its mark it 's brilliant .	1
this time mr. burns is trying something in the martin scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again .	0
one from the heart .	1
there is nothing outstanding about this film , but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine .	1
the plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience 's chain .	0
it 's just filler .	0
it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes .	0
still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed .	1
it 's fascinating to see how bettany and mcdowell play off each other .	1
the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries .	1
writer-director 's mehta 's effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres .	1
this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming .	1
moretti 's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss .	0
a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama .	1
you 'll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and possibly , watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea , shed an errant tear .	1
a woman 's pic directed with resonance by ilya chaiken .	1
a sequence of ridiculous shoot - 'em - up scenes .	0
a breezy romantic comedy that has the punch of a good sitcom , while offering exceptionally well-detailed characters .	1
bennett 's naturalistic performance speaks volumes more truth than any ` reality ' show , and anybody contemplating their own drastic life changes should watch some body first .	1
not really bad so much as distasteful : we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers .	0
a by-the-numbers effort that wo n't do much to enhance the franchise .	0
a gripping movie , played with performances that are all understated and touching .	1
the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him .	0
offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs ... a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm .	0
the experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not .	0
it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment .	0
comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special , freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting 101 class .	0
birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments .	1
nine queens is not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece , but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head .	1
the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom .	0
... a story we have n't seen on the big screen before , and it 's a story that we as americans , and human beings , should know .	1
gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive .	1
without non-stop techno or the existential overtones of a kieslowski morality tale , maelström is just another winter sleepers .	0
one long string of cliches .	0
rare birds has more than enough charm to make it memorable .	1
instead , he shows them the respect they are due .	1
does little more than play an innocuous game of fill-in - the-blanks with a tragic past .	0
a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection .	1
exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue , this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling .	1
even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller 's hand often feels unsure .	0
preaches to two completely different choirs at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment .	1
overall very good for what it 's trying to do .	1
this tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer 's star trek vi : the undiscovered country .	1
all that 's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight .	0
based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters	1
it 's dumb , but more importantly , it 's just not scary .	0
the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you 're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships .	0
chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson 's dahmer .	1
if you 've ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies , what sex with strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever .	0
not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and daniel radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as harry , but the film conjures the magic of author j.k. rowling 's books .	1
it 's like watching a nightmare made flesh .	0
at least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch .	0
with rabbit-proof fence , noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie .	1
(t) his beguiling belgian fable , very much its own droll and delicate little film , has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why .	1
it 's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even oliver parker 's movie adaptation .	1
i do n't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but do n't treat me like a fool .	0
it does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they 're being streamed over a 28k modem .	0
the vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together .	1
the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as ... (quills) did by showing them .	1
delivers the same old same old , tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas .	0
it all adds up to good fun .	1
every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .	0
jason x is positively anti-darwinian : nine sequels and 400 years later , the teens are none the wiser and jason still kills on auto-pilot .	0
tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar .	0
while (hill) has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film .	0
the far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past .	1
crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action .	1
(a) shapeless blob of desperate entertainment .	0
it 's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job .	0
not since freddy got fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through .	0
the script is n't very good ; not even someone as gifted as hoffman (the actor) can make it work .	0
candid and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work .	1
sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance .	0
that dogged good will of the parents and ` vain ' jia 's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums .	1
an unwise amalgam of broadcast news and vibes .	0
the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh 's three lead actresses .	1
this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get .	1
by getting myself wrapped up in the visuals and eccentricities of many of the characters , i found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie .	0
it 's of the quality of a lesser harrison ford movie - six days , seven nights , maybe , or that dreadful sabrina remake .	0
serving sara does n't serve up a whole lot of laughs .	0
what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we 've shared a great adventure .	1
so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he 'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor .	1
it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so	0
a smart , witty follow-up .	1
this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms .	0
moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not .	1
a difficult , absorbing film that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than are far more pointed and clear .	1
it 's so mediocre , despite the dynamic duo on the marquee , that we just ca n't get no satisfaction .	0
there is n't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients .	0
it 's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth .	1
dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled .	0
visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking bore , the true creativity would have been to hide treasure planet entirely and completely reimagine it .	0
while the resident evil games may have set new standards for thrills , suspense , and gore for video games , the movie really only succeeds in the third of these .	0
very bad .	0
as vulgar as it is banal .	0
the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and did n't reserve enough for his second .	0
his last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest has nothing going for it .	0
that 's a cheat .	0
it does n't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor ... it 's just plain bored .	0
i 'd have to say the star and director are the big problems here .	0
it just may inspire a few younger moviegoers to read stevenson 's book , which is a treasure in and of itself .	1
good film , but very glum .	1
not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit .	1
it 's a demented kitsch mess (although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative) , but it 's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year .	1
for movie lovers as well as opera lovers , tosca is a real treat .	1
schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character .	0
sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out .	0
even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting .	0
ramsay , as in ratcatcher , remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid .	1
my reaction in a word : disappointment .	0
highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply , but those who loved cool as ice have at last found a worthy follow-up .	1
every nanosecond of the the new guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable .	0
no way i can believe this load of junk .	0
not only unfunny , but downright repellent .	0
does n't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces ... that raise the bar on stylized screen violence .	0
a sequel that 's much too big for its britches .	0
for the most part , director anne-sophie birot 's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama .	1
what 's surprising about full frontal is that despite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you .	1
having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , khouri then gets terrific performances from them all .	1
the film is powerful , accessible and funny .	1
the humor is n't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original .	0
michael gerbosi 's script is economically packed with telling scenes .	1
the movie is n't just hilarious : it 's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it is n't even all that dumb .	1
trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son .	1
even if you do n't think (kissinger 's) any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he 'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .	1
a giggle a minute .	1
challenging , intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative .	1
one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year .	0
his healthy sense of satire is light and fun ...	1
the end result is a film that 's neither .	0
what was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian .	0
the emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who 's ever had family trauma .	1
filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels .	1
if you believe any of this , i can make you a real deal on leftover enron stock that will double in value a week from friday .	0
unfortunately , it 's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .	0
the film makes a fatal mistake : it asks us to care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life .	0
a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton 's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana .	1
an interesting story with a pertinent (cinematically unique) message , told fairly well and scored to perfection , i found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive `` missing thing . ''	1
if you can stomach the rough content , it 's worth checking out for the performances alone .	1
... a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of jean reno .	1
... an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly should n't hurt talented young gaghan 's resume .	1
characters still need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses , no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license avary employs .	0
inside the film 's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it 's not that , it 's the tension that keeps you in your seat .	1
well-nigh unendurable ... though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull .	0
lapaglia 's ability to convey grief and hope works with weaver 's sensitive reactions to make this a two-actor master class .	1
however it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs , young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust .	0
it 's hampered by a lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth .	0
for close to two hours the audience is forced to endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one .	0
the minor figures surrounding (bobby) ... form a gritty urban mosaic .	1
there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer .	0
or emptying rat traps .	0
my thoughts were focused on the characters .	1
velocity represents everything wrong with '' independent film '' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene .	0
the reality of the new live-action pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque .	0
uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict , adolescent yearning , the roots of friendship and sexual identity .	1
a misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment .	0
they should have called it gutterball .	0
if the first men in black was money , the second is small change .	0
when the film ended , i felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while .	0
sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the wwii-era mississippi delta undermine this adaptation .	0
while undisputed is n't exactly a high , it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes mr. hill higher than he 's been in a while .	1
if you dig on david mamet 's mind tricks ... rent this movie and enjoy !	1
a coda in every sense , the pinochet case splits time between a minute-by-minute account of the british court 's extradition chess game and the regime 's talking-head survivors .	1
too often , the viewer is n't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .	0
old-form moviemaking at its best .	1
few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands .	1
bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the era 's creme de la celluloid .	1
a painfully funny ode to bad behavior .	1
a subject like this should inspire reaction in its audience ; the pianist does not .	0
director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand .	1
a moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , solaris is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate .	1
smart , provocative and blisteringly funny .	1
part low rent godfather .	0
escaping the studio , piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie .	1
the very definition of the ` small ' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher .	1
immersing us in the endlessly inventive , fiercely competitive world of hip-hop djs , the project is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you itch .	1
this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world .	1
it showcases carvey 's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one 's patience to get to the good stuff .	0
despite all evidence to the contrary , this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on tv and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults .	0
this is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .	0
makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience .	0
a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe .	1
the film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner .	0
though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions .	1
leigh 's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom .	1
this is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director dario argento (a producer here) , but her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic .	1
a warm , funny , engaging film .	1
ahhhh ... revenge is sweet !	1
a simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past .	1
a gorgeous , witty , seductive movie .	1
a must-see for the david mamet enthusiast and for anyone who appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking .	1
far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features nickelodeon has made from its other animated tv series .	1
(e) ventually , every idea in this film is flushed down the latrine of heroism .	0
a pleasant enough romance with intellectual underpinnings , the kind of movie that entertains even as it turns maddeningly predictable .	1
there 's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache .	1
it 's a lovely film with lovely performances by buy and accorsi .	1
the movie 's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast .	1
the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ai n't pretty .	0
the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .	1
so devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like xxx and collateral damage seem like thoughtful treatises	0
stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond 's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , ` tis .	1
the vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy , but the journey is far more interesting than the final destination .	1
too slow , too long and too little happens .	0
a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores .	1
this is so bad .	0
it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study .	1
dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away .	0
warm water under a red bridge is a quirky and poignant japanese film that explores the fascinating connections between women , water , nature , and sexuality .	1
a good piece of work more often than not .	1
brilliantly explores the conflict between following one 's heart and following the demands of tradition .	1
while it 's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records (sugar hill gang , etc.) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences .	0
offers much to enjoy ... and a lot to mull over in terms of love , loyalty and the nature of staying friends .	1
for the most part , it 's a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions .	1
the draw (for `` big bad love '') is a solid performance by arliss howard .	1
the movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that 's all too rare in hollywood 's hastier productions .	1
displaying about equal amounts of naiveté , passion and talent , beneath clouds establishes sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential .	1
for all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses , there 's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love 's dissolution .	0
it deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons .	1
it is amusing , and that 's all it needs to be .	1
a tender , heartfelt family drama .	1
morton uses her face and her body language to bring us morvern 's soul , even though the character is almost completely deadpan .	1
this is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever , but it 's certainly not a champion - the big loser is the audience .	0
maud and roland 's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but labute pulls off a neater trick in possession : he makes language sexy .	1
what the director ca n't do is make either of val kilmer 's two personas interesting or worth caring about .	0
the inspirational screenplay by mike rich covers a lot of ground , perhaps too much , but ties things together , neatly , by the end .	1
entertains by providing good , lively company .	1
stealing harvard is evidence that the farrelly bros. -- peter and bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with green 's half-hearted movie career .	0
`` the time machine '' is a movie that has no interest in itself .	0
on the heels of the ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness .	1
may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen .	0
affleck and jackson are good sparring partners .	1
... takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport	1
a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality .	1
an important movie , a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values .	1
harris commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness .	1
the best that can be said about the work here of scottish director ritchie ... is that he obviously does n't have his heart in it .	0
big fat waste of time .	0
the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle .	0
it 's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie .	0
the son 's room is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos .	1
on the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality .	0
as ` chick flicks ' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting .	0
because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , ` swimfan ' left me with a very bad feeling .	0
it 's everything you do n't go to the movies for .	0
a hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the mason-dixon line .	0
what distinguishes time of favor from countless other thrillers is its underlying concern with the consequences of words and with the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acts .	1
its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ?	0
the special effects and many scenes of weightlessness look as good or better than in the original , while the oscar-winning sound and james horner 's rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system .	1
exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes .	1
it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot .	1
yakusho and shimizu ... create engaging characterizations in imamura 's lively and enjoyable cultural mix .	1
so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie .	1
just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever .	1
it takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as ` worse than expected , ' but ghost ship somehow manages to do exactly that .	0
you wonder why enough was n't just a music video rather than a full-length movie .	0
is the time really ripe for a warmed-over james bond adventure , with a village idiot as the 007 clone ?	0
rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign .	0
i 've always dreamed of attending cannes , but after seeing this film , it 's not that big a deal .	0
so unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines .	0
it 's just disappointingly superficial -- a movie that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than scratch the surface .	0
portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama .	0
there has always been something likable about the marquis de sade .	1
add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney 's a good director .	1
what the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action .	1
impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie does n't quite fly .	0
scorsese does n't give us a character worth giving a damn about .	0
less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins .	0
the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take .	0
a movie with a real anarchic flair .	1
collateral damage finally delivers the goods for schwarzenegger fans .	1
this is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults .	1
not since japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa 's ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur .	1
without ever becoming didactic , director carlos carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality .	1
it 's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions .	0
seldahl 's barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness .	1
may be far from the best of the series , but it 's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation .	1
once (kim) begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors , you may decide it 's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard .	0
almost gags on its own gore .	0
hilariously inept and ridiculous .	1
while there 's something intrinsically funny about sir anthony hopkins saying ` get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer	1
even horror fans will most likely not find what they 're seeking with trouble every day ; the movie lacks both thrills and humor .	0
attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience .	0
here 's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep .	0
this movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work .	0
richard gere and diane lane put in fine performances as does french actor oliver martinez .	1
holden caulfield did it better .	0
dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments .	1
if your taste runs to ` difficult ' films you absolutely ca n't miss it .	1
another one of those estrogen overdose movies like `` divine secrets of the ya ya sisterhood , '' except that the writing , acting and character development are a lot better .	1
a sometimes tedious film .	0
do n't be fooled by the impressive cast list - eye see you is pure junk .	0
the film 's welcome breeziness and some unbelievably hilarious moments -- most portraying the idiocy of the film industry -- make it mostly worth the trip .	1
i just loved every minute of this film .	1
if there 's one thing this world needs less of , it 's movies about college that are written and directed by people who could n't pass an entrance exam .	0
manages to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer .	1
like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything 's in place but something 's just a little off-kilter .	0
i sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie does n't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand .	0
it ca n't decide if it wants to be a mystery\/thriller , a romance or a comedy .	0
bad .	0
you will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report .	1
but the power of these (subjects) is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film 's narrative .	0
the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme 's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects .	0
it 's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman .	1
it all feels like a monty python sketch gone horribly wrong .	0
even in its most tedious scenes , russian ark is mesmerizing .	1
and if you 're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes , you 've got ice water in your veins .	1
mcconaughey 's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script .	1
a full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution .	1
an unclassifiably awful study in self - and audience-abuse .	0
