What is `` bloodhound '' ?	0
What is a common dolphin ?	0
What is the largest variety of cactus ?	0
What is a leaky heart valve ?	0
Why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?	0
Why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?	0
What is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?	0
What is the poetic meter of blank verse ?	0
What is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?	0
What was the proper Laugh-In respones to : `` Say goodnight , Dick '' ?	0
How do you find the area of a circle ?	0
How do I legally make my own will and testament ?	0
What is so powerful about Power Bars ?	0
What was unusual about Alexandra 's appearance in Josie and the Pussycats ?	0
What is osmosis ?	0
What is the difference between optical and digital video ?	0
What is Tetrinet ?	0
Why are sometimes your hands cold , but the rest of you isn 't ?	0
What is the cause of endangered species ?	0
What effect does LSD have on the brain ?	0
Why can 't you taste anything when you have a cold ?	0
What does Ouija mean ?	0
How can I find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in Massachusetts ?	0
What are a baseball team 's firemen ?	0
What do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst ?	0
What effects do nitrates have on the environment ?	0
How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?	0
What does `` Philebus-like '' mean ?	0
What caused Shea & Gould to close their L.A. office ?	0
What is splatterpunk ?	0
What is the 401 , K , plan ?	0
How is the element strontium purified ?	0
How can I get someone 's email address ?	0
What is the definition of spamming ?	0
Why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?	0
How can I get my product licensed by the NBA ?	0
How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?	0
How do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?	0
In My Antonia , how is Mr. Shimerda out of place on the farm ?	0
What are the benefits of home school ?	0
How can I transport files from one computer to another ?	0
What do insects do through their spiracles ?	0
What are the requirements for becoming a citizen of Australia ?	0
What good are mosquitoes ?	0
Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 software so successful ?	0
How do I know someone is truly in love with me ?	0
What is the difference between a bottle and a jar ?	0
What are the rules to `` snow golf '' ?	0
What is the proof that houseplants metabolize carcinogens ?	0
What happens to used motor oil ?	0
How is digital audio used ?	0
What was the Vietnam War ?	0
What is a portal ?	0
What is a swatch ?	0
What is deadrise , nautical , ?	0
What are the `` Star Wars '' satellites ?	0
What is the virus HIV ?	0
What is the half-life of P-32 ?	0
How were the days of the week named ?	0
How do I get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last name Kilvington ?	0
What is real time processing ?	0
Why did the chicken cross the road ?	0
Why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?	0
What type of childhood did Jules Verne have ?	0
What are the lyrics to the Star Spangled Banner ?	0
What is osteichthyes ?	0
What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?	0
What was the Chivington Massacre ?	0
What is `` Vocal Sampling '' ?	0
What is the meaning of `` subaru ? ''	0
How do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?	0
What is e-commerce ?	0
What is literary criticism ?	0
What are the words to the cd Eminem 's , or slim shady , `` My Name Is '' ?	0
Why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?	0
What is the origin of the term `` The Brooklyn Side '' in bowling ?	0
How is plastic made ?	0
What is the nursery rhyme Rock-a-by Baby about ?	0
What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair ?	0
What is home banking ?	0
Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?	0
What is typhoid fever ?	0
What is troilism ?	0
What is Black Hills , South Dakota most famous for ?	0
What are dingoes ?	0
What does the Georgetown `` Hoya '' mean ?	0
What is a conifer ?	0
Why are lions called `` King of the Jungle '' ?	0
How do I e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?	0
What are some fun things to do in Cozumel , Mexico for teenagers ?	0
What does laser stand for ?	0
How does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?	0
What 's the meaning of UOL ?	0
Where do chihuahuas come from ?	0
What made the short-lived Star Hawks strip so unique ?	0
What is the English meaning of caliente ?	0
What makes salt ?	0
What is Sinn Fein ?	0
How do you measure the heat of the sun ?	0
What is the C programming language ?	0
How do you use `` farther '' as opposed to `` further '' ?	0
What are geckos ?	0
What is a transistor ?	0
What is the nature of learning ?	0
What is narcolepsy ?	0
What prompted the co-pilot of the Enola Gay to enter only `` My God '' in his log ?	0
What is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board ?	0
What is object-oriented design ?	0
What is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ?	0
What is `` snoogans '' ?	0
What are manifest and latent function theories ?	0
What is the origin of the term `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?	0
What is the Milky Way ?	0
How do you get rid on woodpeckers ?	0
What is God ?	0
What does `` Janelle '' mean ?	0
How do I start a bank ?	0
What is proposition 98 about ?	0
What are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking ?	0
How can I determine the radius of an ellipse ?	0
What is recruitment interview technique ?	0
Why didn 't European colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?	0
What was the reason for the partition of the Anglican and Vatican churches ?	0
What is Archimedes famous for ?	0
How do I know if I am pregnant ?	0
What is Spumante ?	0
How does it make its colors ?	0
What is a bourdon tube ?	0
What is a Chinese `` spouting '' bowl ?	0
Where did the term fireplug come from ?	0
Why do airliners crash vs. gliding down ?	0
How did the U.S. come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the Spanish-American War ?	0
What is a virtual IP address ?	0
What does verdandi mean ?	0
Why did the Globe Theatre burn down ?	0
What is the design of the ship Titanic ?	0
Why do magnets attract ?	0
What is the meaning of thalassemia ?	0
The corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?	1
What are the 10 plagues of Egypt ?	1
What did the Chinese emperor present to the English soldier Gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ?	1
What four elements make up 90 percent of the human body ?	1
In what film did Steven Spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?	1
Name the ship Beany and Cecil sailed .	1
What is a fear of fur ?	1
What famed gangland slaughter cut into the membership of Bugs Moran 's outfit ?	1
What is the primary language of the Philippines ?	1
What did the forward-thinking Simon Brothers Bakery of Chicago insert into bagels to boost business ?	1
What is a term for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?	1
What is the term for a group of geese ?	1
What is the largest snake in the world ?	1
Which language has the most words ?	1
What penalty space lies between Baltic Avenue and Reading Railroad on a Monopoly board ?	1
What was the name of the Crimean meeting of Roosevelt , Churchill , and Stalin ?	1
At Christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?	1
What sport can a free-legged pacer compete in ?	1
What is the fear of frogs ?	1
What therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?	1
What did people use to freshen their breath before toothpaste ?	1
What is Beethoven 's 9th symphony called ?	1
What was the non-fiction best-seller of 1952 , 1953 and 1954 ?	1
What is a fear of parasites ?	1
When it 's time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?	1
What is `` the taste that beats the others cold '' ?	1
What 1927 silent film received an international revival in 1981 ?	1
What was the name of Robert Fulton 's most famous steamboat ?	1
What color are seven of every 10 houses in the U.S. ?	1
What oldtime kids ' fare did TV Guide writer Jeff Greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive TV shows in American history '' ?	1
What significant battle was fought in Belgium in 1815 ?	1
What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in ?	1
What Russian novel embracing more the 5 characters is set in the Napoleonic Wars ?	1
What do camels store in their humps ?	1
In which Tennessee Williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?	1
What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?	1
What incident of 1933 did the German Nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?	1
What is a fear of reptiles ?	1
What articles of clothing are tokens in Monopoly ?	1
What 1956 Grace Metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years ?	1
What video format was an alternative to VHS ?	1
What Muhammad Ali maneuver was George Foreman the first victim of ?	1
What are the snakes of New England ?	1
What do you call a group of geese ?	1
What children 's tale contains the line : `` Come , Cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?	1
What did British companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?	1
What card suit originally represented the peasant class ?	1
What type of betting is used in horse racing ?	1
What software offers inventors use of CAD-like design ?	1
What is a camel hair brush actually made out of ?	1
What is the connection between New Krypton and Daxam ?	1
In what war was the first submarine used ?	1
What cigarette is `` a whole new world '' ?	1
What cancer is commonly associated with AIDS ?	1
What is the best way to overcome a fear ?	1
In what Olympic Games did Nadia Comaneci become popular ?	1
What game is Garry Kasparov really good at ?	1
What plant has the largest seed ?	1
Name the product that is `` at your grocer 's , at your fingertips . ''	1
What 's the world 's most common compound ?	1
What new games are available for Nintendo 64 ?	1
What was Franklin Roosevelt 's program for economic recovery called during the Great Depression ?	1
What TV station did Mary Richards work for ?	1
Which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse ?	1
What are John C. Calhoun and Henry Clay known as ?	1
What format was VHS 's main competition ?	1
What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with ?	1
What film ends with the line : `` This is Mrs. Norman Maine '' ?	1
Which mosquito 's bite draws blood , DT NN CC DT NN .	1
What is the correct way to use `` may '' vs. `` might '' ?	1
What tale has the moral : `` He who wants everything gets nothing '' ?	1
What is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word ?	1
What soft drink not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own Marvel comic book ?	1
What race is 1 , 137 miles long ?	1
What is one of the languages spoken by the Sioux called ?	1
What do the French call La Manche ?	1
Which comic book was not spawned directly from the pulp magazines ?	1
What were the trials called which followed World War II ?	1
What does a phobophobe fear ?	1
What is the name of a language spoken by the Sioux ?	1
What 's the green variety of beryl called ?	1
What war was fought by the Spanish as far as the Philippines ?	1
Aspartame is known by what other name ?	1
What is the name of the American literary era that includes 1896 ?	1
What is the name of the largest water conservancy project in China ?	1
What is a fear of motion ?	1
What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967 ?	1
What book opens : `` At a certain village in La Mancha , which I shall not name.. . '' ?	1
What is it that walks on four legs , then on two legs , then on three ?	1
What two body parts grow all your life ?	1
What was a California prayer book to an Old West gambler ?	1
Which is a real berry : blackberry , cranberry , raspberry , strawberry ?	1
What kind of a sports team is the Wisconsin Badgers ?	1
What sport features slotbacks , tailbacks , and touchbacks ?	1
What does `` B.Y.O.B. '' mean ?	2
What does G.M.T. stand for ?	2
What 's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?	2
What is LMDS ?	2
What does U.S.S.R. stand for ?	2
What is the acronym for the National Bureau of Investigation ?	2
What does IBM stand for ?	2
What does e.g. stand for ?	2
What is a `` USB '' port on a computer ?	2
Who lives at 24 Sussex Drive , Ottawa ?	3
Who was the lyricist and who was the composer between Gilbert and Sullivan ?	3
Who declared : `` I think I 'll go out and milk the elk '' ?	3
Name the Marvel team loosely based on DC 's Justice League of America ?	3
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	3
What director portrayed the commandant of the POW camp in 1953 's Stalag 17 ?	3
Who played the part of the Godfather in the movie , ` The Godfather ' ?	3
What 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an Oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ?	3
Who was the architect of Central Park ?	3
What company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ?	3
Whose biography by Maurice Zolotow is titled Shooting Star ?	3
Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?	3
What part did Benjamin Franklin play in the development of the newspaper in America ?	3
What famous comic strip character died of acne ?	3
Whose cupboard was bare ?	3
Name a female figure skater .	3
Who was William Henry Harrison ?	3
What is `` the airline built for professional travelers '' ?	3
What President once told Gene Autry : `` Please give my regards to your wife Dale '' ?	3
What Chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup d 'etat ?	3
Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .	3
What Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist ran for mayor of New York City ?	3
What 's comic strip photographer Peter Parker 's secret identity ?	3
Who is the actress Bette Davis once said she wished she looked like ?	3
Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?	3
What American won the world Grand Prix driving championship in 1978 ?	3
Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?	3
Who directed `` Jaws '' ?	3
What businesses in Alaska were affected by the Exxon Valdez oil spill ?	3
Who led the opposition when Konrad Adenauer was Chancellor in Germany ?	3
Who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?	3
What suburban housewife and mother of three wrote The Feminine Mystique ?	3
What college produced the most winning Super Bowl quarterbacks ?	3
What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?	3
What painter popularized soup cans and Brillo soap pad boxes ?	3
What school does Tom attend in Tom Brown 's School Days ?	3
Who reports the weather on the `` Good Morning America '' television show ?	3
Who asked the musical question : `` Have you ever been to electric lady land ? ''	3
What is the best Internet business to go into ?	3
Who was Thucydides ?	3
What organization did Mr. Waverly assign agents for ?	3
Who is the director and editor of the movie Big starring Tom Hanks ?	3
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	3
Who did Sara Jane Moore try to assassinate ?	3
Who started the Dominos Pizza chain ?	3
What is the name of Miss India 1994 ?	3
Who plays the cop in the movie `` Kindergarten Cop '' ?	3
Who is considered The First Lady of the American Stage ?	3
What singer became despondent over the death of Freddie Prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?	3
Who did Dita Beard work for ?	3
Who is Karenna Gore , Al Gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?	3
Who painted `` Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bacon '' ?	3
Who runs Andy Capp 's favorite pub ?	3
Who was the first Russian astronaut to walk in space ?	3
Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .	3
What 's the name of Popeye 's adopted son ?	3
Name the two actress daughters of John Mills .	3
Whom does Uncle Duke 's girl friend , Honey , room with ?	3
Who gave King Arthur the round table ?	3
Name a band which was famous in the 1960 's .	3
What was the name of the cook on Rawhide ?	3
What university fired Angela Davis ?	3
Woodrow Wilson served as president of what university ?	3
Who is the mayor of Marbella ?	3
Who invented the game bowling ?	3
Where is Amsterdam ?	4
What New England state carries the telephone area code 27 ?	4
What ocean surrounds the Madeira Islands ?	4
Where did the real St. Nicholas live ?	4
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?	4
What U.S. city 's skyline boasts the Gateway Arch ?	4
What is worth seeing in Reims ?	4
Where can I look at a perpetual calendar ?	4
What bordering country is due north of Costa Rica ?	4
What are the five most expensive cities in the world ?	4
Where are the Union Stockyards ?	4
Where is there information on the novel `` El Cid '' ?	4
What islands got their name from the Spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?	4
What country is famous for Persian rugs ?	4
What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa ?	4
Where is the Keck telescope ?	4
What country was Hitler the chancellor of ?	4
Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?	4
What countries have the best math students ?	4
What constellation contains the twins Castor and Pollux ?	4
What South American city features the exclusive Copacabana Beach and Ipanema ?	4
Where can I read about Chiang Kai-shek ?	4
Where can I get information and statistics on countries and nations ?	4
What country is the setting for Edgar Allan Poe 's The Pit and the Pendulum ?	4
What country did the Allies invade in World War II 's Operation Avalanche ?	4
What European country abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their face value ?	4
Where did Freidreich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt , Prussian born explorer , go to school ?	4
Where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?	4
What is the largest and most expensive freeway construction project in the U.S. right now ?	4
Where can I find an Ask An Expert site ?	4
What Caribbean island is northeast of Trinidad ?	4
What North American city would you visit to see Cleopatra 's Needle ?	4
What state has the most Indians ?	4
What country will hit the year 2 first ?	4
What mountainous region of the world is the Lhasa Apso dog native to ?	4
What is the capital of California ?	4
Where was `` I have fallen , and I can 't get up '' said first ?	4
What populous state covers 49 , 576 square miles ?	4
What city 's the kickoff point for climbs of Mount Everest ?	4
What is the world 's highest peak ?	4
Where are the headquarters of Eli Lilly ?	4
What is the largest U.S. state east of the Mississippi ?	4
What state is Niagara Falls located in ?	4
What river is Pocahontas buried along ?	4
What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered ?	4
What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi ?	4
What two countries share the Khyber Pass ?	4
Where does most of the marijuana entering the United States come from ?	4
What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?	4
What southeast Asian country has the Wang River joining the Ping River at Tak ?	4
What country was Erich Honecker the leader of ?	4
Where are diamonds mined ?	4
What river is Windsor Castle on ?	4
Which area produces the least acidic coffee ?	4
What North American city sprouts the most parking meters ?	4
Where does the opera singer Ileana Cotrubas come from ?	4
What canal does the Thatcher Ferry Bridge span ?	4
What is the greatest hiking Web site ?	4
What Scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge-connected islands ?	4
Where in the Bible does it tell about Jesus Christ 's brothers and sisters ?	4
What were the first bodies visited by spacecraft ?	4
What is the best place to live in the world , considering climate , civilization ?	4
What continent 's name appears on the upper left corner of a Budweiser label ?	4
Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place ?	4
What country would you visit to ski in the Dolomites ?	4
What is George Lucas 's e-mail address ?	4
What country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the Turks in Libya ?	4
What is the largest county in size in Massachusetts ?	4
Which continent has the most roses ?	4
What 's the world 's largest cathedral ?	4
Tell me what city the Kentucky Horse Park is near ?	4
Where is Webster University ?	4
Where is Burma ?	4
What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?	4
Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?	4
What famed river was Hernando de Soto the first European to see ?	4
Which one of the Great Lakes is entirely within U.S. territory ?	4
Where can I find full written draft of CTBT ?	4
Where did Gulliver find a race of tiny people ?	4
What erupts every hour at Yellowstone National Park ?	4
Where is the Kentucky Horse Park ?	4
When was the Hoover Dam constructed ?	5
How old was Stevie Wonder when he signed with Motown Records ?	5
What was Joe Namath 's first contract worth ?	5
How many calories are there in soy sauce ?	5
CNN began broadcasting in what year ?	5
How many people in Tucson ?	5
How many names are there for Eskimo people ?	5
What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?	5
What was the first minimum wage ?	5
How much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily ?	5
What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?	5
How many votes in Congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with Japan ?	5
When was Yemen reunified ?	5
How many bones are there in the human hand ?	5
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?	5
When did the vesuvius last erupt ?	5
How many men died building the Mackinaw Bridge ?	5
How old was Gene Siskel ?	5
How many inches apart are adjacent pins in tenpin bowling ?	5
How many teaspoons make up a tablespoon ?	5
How many stars are there in Big Dipper ?	5
How many varieties of apple are there ?	5
How fast is a 45Mhz processor ?	5
How big is the universe actually ?	5
How old is Bernadette Peters ?	5
What is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?	5
The film `` Jaws '' was made in what year ?	5
How many times was pitcher , Warren Spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?	5
How big is a normal size penis for a 15-year-old ?	5
How long do you have to live in a community to vote ?	5
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?	5
When did the art of quilting begin ?	5
What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?	5
What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?	5
How many colored squares are there on a Rubik 's Cube ?	5
When did CNN begin broadcasting ?	5
What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?	5
When did Spain and Korea start ambassadorial relations ?	5
How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone ?	5
When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles get married ?	5
How many acres in a mile ?	5
How many cards are dealt to each player in Gin Rummy ?	5
When do you plant winter wheat ?	5
How many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?	5
When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?	5
What was the date of Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait ?	5
How many mines can still be found in the Falklands after the war ended ?	5
What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?	5
How many people did the United Nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in Somalia in September 1992 ?	5
When was John D. Rockefeller born ?	5
How big is the Chappellet vineyard ?	5
How many websites are there in the world ?	5
What season is the setting for Shakespeare 's Midsummer Night 's Dream ?	5
How many Beatles ' records went #1 ?	5
How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?	5
How many people does Honda employ in the U.S. ?	5
How much did the Iran-Contra investigation cost ?	5
How many referees work a soccer game ?	5
How many lakes are there on the Earth ?	5
What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?	5
How many quarts of whole milk is needed to make one pound of butter ?	5
What is the exchange rate for Australian to American money ?	5
How many questions do you have on your database ?	5
What 's the Fahrenheit equivalent of zero degrees centigrade ?	5
How much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?	5
How many years ago did Led Zeppelin release its last album ?	5
How many American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?	5
How many years make up a lustrum ?	5
How much did a McDonald 's hamburger cost in 1963 ?	5
How many members of a family could be drafted in the U.S. military during World War II ?	5
When was Calypso music invented ?	5
What is the time it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long ?	5
How old is too old for a child to not be talking ?	5
In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?	5
How many thousands of students attend the University of Massachusetts ?	5
When did the Carolingian period begin ?	5
When did Mount St. Helen last have a major eruption ?	5
Independent silversmith 's account for what percentage of silver production ?	5
How many American soldiers have died for their country to date ?	5
When was the NFL established ?	5
When does the Bible say the seasons started ?	5
What month did the Edmund Fitzgerald sink ?	5
When was Berlin 's Brandenburg gate erected ?	5
How big is our galaxy in diameter ?	5
How many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?	5
How long do hermit crabs live ?	5
How many varieties of twins are there ?	5
How long do cardinal eggs incubate ?	5
How many people watch network television ?	5
When was Hurricane Hugo ?	5
In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?	5
When is the Sun closest to the Earth ?	5
When did the original Howdy Doody show go off the air ?	5
When was Dick Clark born ?	5
What date is Boxing Day ?	5
When was Beethoven born ?	5
How often are brain cells replaced ?	5
When was Christ born ?	5
What geological time do we live in ?	5
Of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` The Simpsons '' ?	5
What is the temperature for cooking ?	5
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	5
When was Babe Ruth born ?	5
How old is the sun ?	5
When did the supercontinent Pangaea break up ?	5
How many characters makes up a word for typing test purposes ?	5
What is Dick Clark 's birthday ?	5
How long does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?	5
How many letters appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone dial ?	5
When did Gothic art and architecture flourish ?	5
How many dogs pull a sled in the Iditarod ?	5
What amount of money did the Philippine ex-dictator Marcos steal from the treasury ?	5
About how many soldiers died in World War II ?	5
