nokia was my first non flip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go with them .	1
not only is it much more cost effective ( you can use regular trash bags rather than refills at $5 a pop ) , it is easier to use and clean , and has a larger capacity .	1
while this phone obviously doesn 't have the same quality construction as motorola does , the nokia 6600 is one of the better phones i 've used .	1
4 . play n-gage games on it .	1
the built in fm radio is excellent for people traveling by public transport .	1
update i knew that i loved the champ , and using the diaper genie at a friend 's house really reinforced that ! .	1
i have had the ipod mini and it performs on the level with my sound card but the micro beats it outright .	1
photos are pretty darned good ! .	1
which is really nice because you can get pretty much any piece of music in midi format for free on the net .	1
the player looks great , feels great , and sounds great .	1
i have transferred in about 2 , 400 tracks so far - very easy to use both the ipod and itunes .	1
the card basically installed itself and the " install wizard " on the cd that came with the router basically set the router up to work with one computer ( with the 54g card ) and also a second computer in my house ( with an 11b card ) .	1
i ended up buying one for upstairs and one for downstairs because it works so well and because i change him so often downstairs .	1
the speaker phone is very functional and i use it in the car , very audible even with freeway noise .	1
and the phone has a very cool feature which allows you to send images via a normal pop3/smtp e-mail account .	1
i have no problems with the touch pad ( once the sensitivity is set to low ) and the interface is a breeze to use without even looking at the pdf manual .	1
i must have gotten a good one .	1
its compact and has rounded edges .	1
battery life is good , although i recommend two rechargeable , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics you have to have .	1
we use regular kitchen sized garbage bags .	1
the display and brightness on this phone is quite extraordinary .	1
overall , if you know what basic steps to take , it was not difficult to connect , and the s/w worked well to connect .	1
the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ? .	1
the movie mode is also working great .	1
a nikon will make you happier and leave you lots of good memories , as always .	1
it has great incredibility .	1
right out of the box , i loved it , better features than the ipod , great sound quality and no limitations on what music sources i can use .	1
it 's a highly rated , kick ass firewall program that 's bundled with the venerable norton antivirus , plus extras ( like norton antispam & norton parental control ) that make this security suite a must-have for people who have broadband internet access .	1
it 's shorter , sleeker , more compact and fits comfortably in my small hand than the ipod . . . my nokia cell phone towers over this bad boy ! .	1
nokia makes great phones , and this one is the cream of the crop .	1
a decent piece of hardware with great speed ( i get the same speeds as with my comp connected directly to the modem ) and good signal quality .	1
their products have been great and have saved my bacon on numerous occasions .	1
the sound is very nice .	1
perhaps semantic could work out the efficiency a little , but these reviews are highly exaggerated . . . i would ask what else these people are running on their computers ( ? . )	1
the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to use , high quality , and compact in size .	1
i hooked the linksys wireless router up to a broadband connection which is running at a maximum of 700 plus kilobytes on the download e ! .	1
the battery has a long life .	1
the 6600 ( t-mobile ) is the true 'world phone ' in that it has the mhz to operate around the globe , including new zealand and australia ( 900 ) whereas the 6620 ( available from singular ) replaces it w/ 800mhz ( some refer to as 850 ) .	1
the software with the ipod includes itunes , which allows you to play the music on your computer , rip cds onto your computer , and move your music from the computer to the ipod .	1
great camera , and for the price you can 't beat it .	1
the champ works great .	1
however , the battery life is good enough you should n 't be overly concerned with turning this phone off .	1
whether you are using disposable or cloth diapers , this is the truly the only diaper pail to get ! .	1
it looks sleek and modern .	1
installation was as near automatic as can be .	1
smaller size , 1 gb of more space , radio , voice recording , removable battery , cooler look , all in one .	1
anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception .	1
really happy with this little camera .	1
it 's rechargable and supposedly easy to replace though i haven 't had to do it yet of course .	1
i like some local stations , stern , and npr , and so the radio seemed like a great option .	1
you won 't need to update your firewall and antivirus separately or install two disks .	1
- outstanding signal reception	1
high quality video and pictures rock ! .	1
the 6600 has more amenities than most - world phone , camera ( vga/zoom/night mode/timer ) , video ( w/ audio & zoom ) , speaker ( good sound ) , bluetooth , infrared , modem for computers , electronic wallet , internet access , calendar , calculator , converter and more .	1
the phone itself is pretty nice .	1
but it is smooth , it is powerful , it is affordable & it has a proven track record .	1
this unit comes with the usb/firewire cable as a standard item now .	1
great phone . . .	1
the radio works excellent in my area , i 'm not sure everywhere else .	1
i never get dropped calls .	1
at works as well as can be expected for products in this space and the company backs it up with good support .	1
- looks sleek , compact , has a radio .	1
i must add to the dismay/delight of readers this phone is simply the most groundbreaking phone mankind has ever held .	1
the radio and voice recording are nice .	1
it is a bit difficult to get the unit open ( the advice to take it slowly is sound ) , but now that our son is walking and exploring , i consider this a positive attribute ! .	1
and we definitely prefer our champ ! .	1
it offers way more features than i need but the ones i use work well .	1
i finally decided to purchase this player because it was compatible with napster 2 go . . . . which is a subscription service , allowing me to download as much music as i want for a $14 . 95 flat fee .	1
with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the quality of the features is great .	1
i rarely get drawn in by mass-commercialism , but something about the ipod made me say , in the words of lou and andy , " i want that one ! . " i was willing to shell out	1
i noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well made and work well too .	1
you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n 't make that big of a disturbance .	1
the total price with delivery ( free shipping ) was $135 ! .	1
the dual antenna is a plus and the design is slick .	1
uploading the images to my windows-based pc is very fast and simple .	1
i bought this slick phone and i am very happy with it .	1
my friends were impressed with the quality of the pictures i took ! .	1
after using it , i found the size to be perfect for carrying in a pocket .	1
i 've yet to find the limitation for this hitachi ( my only hitachi tool , by the way ) and quite frankly , i don 't know that i have the muscle to push this machine any harder .	1
even with that , i highly recommend this router - outstanding performer .	1
remember , this phone uses an operating system - symbian . . . and it 's feature-rich w/ 65k colors .	1
if you need a wireless router . . . . get it get it get it . . . . works really good . . . .	1
the base was deeper and the highs were crisper .	1
it 's easy to use , and yet very feature rich .	1
6 ) the phone is really wide , which seems to be a turnoff for many people , but the phone is actually easier to grip and feel more ergonomic .	1
believe me when i say this i have used and fingered all nokia phones and the 6600 has the best keypad	1
the plusses are the features , look , good signal and battery life , memory size and robustness .	1
each battery lasts about 10-11 hours .	1
i upgraded from nis 2003 , and the change in performance has not been noticeable .	1
one of my favorite features about the player is its ability to sync to windows media player .	1
the range is terrific , i am using this for my home and i was transferring at 50+mbs from my backyard .	1
i loaded a lot of photos into it and they display very clearly for such a small screen and , very importantly , the transition from one photo to the next is instantaneous .	1
here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy .	1
works perfectly with my netgear wireless paramecia .	1
i really liked the price . . .	1
colors : 10 variety of hot colors made it difficult to choose from .	1
get great themes and wallpapers for this phone and many many polyphonic rings .	1
after installation , which was very simple . . . . i downloaded any updated software from the creative website , before i downloaded any music .	1
all of the wireless components that i bought were a breeze to set up as well .	1
but that is good for me because symantec soft wares are a bit hard to master for me who are not savvy on computers .	1
overall , this product is awesome .	1
in a week of use i 've never had to reboot the router .	1
there seem to be fewer collisions and dropped packets as i read from the router logs than with my old dlink router .	1
this phone has the best battery , it lasts longer then my old 3210	1
the auto-focus performs well , but i love having the 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek to use the camera .	1
other than that it meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely won 't disappoint any already established nokia phone fans .	1
pros : - excellent sound , even with the headphones that come out of the box , but it absolutely rocked with my bose quiet comfort 2 set .	1
being a very economical person , i appreciate the fact that any plastic bag can be used with this system- i never did like the prospect of buying special diaper genie refills .	1
the reception and sound quality are top-notch .	1
this is a great product ! .	1
the clarity is unbelievable , which means you can cram almost the full 2 , 5 ! .	1
flawless .	1
it 's cheaper , holds more songs and is smaller .	1
the soft start is nice .	1
when i opened the box , i was shocked by the size of this thing . . . it 's tiny ! .	1
i can use it as a modem for my computer , connect with clients and friends , the possibilities are endless .	1
it 's size also makes it ideal for travel .	1
the main advantage of this system over its predecessor is the ability to open a wider pipeline between clients .	1
i am extremely satisfied with this camera .	1
you actually can talk to a real person for support in under an hour ! . ) .	1
while it didn 't have all the features i would have liked , it was better than anything else i could find at the time .	1
so far i have no complaints with this player .	1
while i like the performance of the phone in every regard , i would buy another one solely upon the apparent indestructibility of it .	1
it looks nice and sleek and the blue background light looks awesome against the black .	1
my favorite features , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared .	1
when i turned the phone on , the first thing that hit me is how good the screen is .	1
it 's a bit pricey to call home from other countries but the instant messaging to and from covered countries in europe are quite reasonable .	1
from the internet , woodworking books , local stores and personal opinions the hitachi m12v 3-1/4 hp router time and time again came up to be the router of choice or best for its price .	1
i have really enjoyed the camera on this phone .	1
also , with one click you can help train your spam killer .	1
upside : this one , like most nokias , receives a consistently strong signal ( i 've tried some samsung and sony ericsson models which were very weak on the reception front ) .	1
3 it is very compact but the controls are so well designed that they 're still easy to use .	1
all you have to do is click one button on the router configuration window and the router automatically senses the devices and configures the network .	1
the use of 65536 ( 16bit ) colors ensures you get your share of animations and icons on your phone	1
it is a perfect phone in such a small and appealing package .	1
in the auto mode it functions basically as a point and click , the scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results .	1
the battery life on this phone is surreal .	1
i got this camera about a month ago and i can 't put it down .	1
my op ion is concentrate on what you need now , this product has excellent range , holds a teddy connection , ha sent even drooped one and i have it for more than a month now .	1
i am enjoying my phone a lot . . . .	1
the battery life is less than stellar , but it charges w/ the quickness .	1
they were easy to setup with plenty of power to hog through anything i have encountered .	1
3 . the nokia 6600 has a brilliant java interface .	1
it sits in the corner of our bathroom and we have never had any problems with odors at all ( and we live in the damp and humid south , where odors of all kinds are generally rife ) .	1
it 's easy to use ( just a flip of the lid , and the diaper is gone ! . ) .	1
first of all , the phone houses a great deal of memory for multiple videos , sound clips , photos , texts , etc .	1
this radio receives fairly decent reception but not nearly as good as a normal radio , but as long as the stations are coming in clearly the phone 's radio should work perfectly .	1
the hitachi is made in malaya , and looked cheap compared with the makita , which is made in the usa .	1
while the perfect odor free diaper pail has yet to be invented , the diaper champ is a good as it gets .	1
the manual mode is feature rich and i can 't wait to get the hang of it .	1
i 've owned this router for over 8 years and am somewhat satisfied with it .	1
i got it working fast enough .	1
the wood can be pushed thru fast or slow with little bog .	1
it is very light weight and has a good signal strength .	1
in short , the nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution .	1
clear the call logs once in a while to speed up the phone people ! . ! . ! .	1
i 'd give it 4 . 5 stars if possible , but since 5 stars would be misleading , i give it 4 stars .	1
everything , so far , has worked flawlessly .	1
dependability : i 've seen no glitches .	1
their customer service agents are always prompt and polite and my service is terrific .	1
very cool features . . . great camera with zoom . . . cool quality pictures . . . great ringtones . . . bluetooth feature is great . . . .	1
these include : mp3 , wave , wma , wma pro , and wma loss less ; . it is very user-friendly simply by right-clicking the file ( s ) to be converted .	1
however , there is a more detailed pdf manual on the cd ( and online ) that should answer any questions about the operational features of the zen micro .	1
it is slow to initially start up , but once it 's turned on , i 've never had any complaints about the speed .	1
since then , i have not found one major problem with it .	1
why bother when it works perfectly with media player 10 ? .	1
really easy to use .	1
i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38 ; . t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route .	1
i do like this phone overall ( would give it a 3 . 5 ) , but unfortunately , i am returning it .	1
however , setting up using the quick start instructions was a breeze .	1
i love the touchpaper controls .	1
but it ; . you won 't regret it .	1
pros : large hard drive for the $$ -- 20gb and 40gb are both affordable .	1
i got the diaper champ because of the great reviews as well as the fact that you can use regular garbage bags .	1
i love how small the thing is , and the blue glow - i 've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all .	1
20 gb or 40 gb ? . the pros of the 40 gb : comes with a " dock station " and double storage space ( 10 , 000 songs ) .	1
great phone , easy to use , excellent network , no regrets ! . ! . ! .	1
it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features .	1
unless you have an enormous music/audio book library , the 20 gb model should have more than adequate storage capacity , with a stated ability to hold 5000 songs .	1
but you can download some really good ones like pac-man or mafia wars .	1
i use the scented bags and even if i don 't no smell ! .	1
i 'll be getting a second one for my router table ! .	1
it also has tons more features then previous creative products , and most of them are very useful such as the ability to customize the main menu to show the stuff you want , not the default items ( creative labs . com for more on that ) .	1
applications : it has lots of applications and they work very well . . . when you eventually find where they are and they finally open .	1
fm tuner & microphone : having a tuner in the player is a blessing .	1
the supplied headphones are hands-down better than the mediocre ipod buds .	1
i first used the router in the free hand mode and liked it a lot .	1
i also love that you can flip the device with one hand . . .	1
battery life is good for a phone of this size .	1
- speakerphone	1
enjoy .	1
i have ripped over 100 songs from my cd collection and it was so easy and fast , and they all sound great .	1
i have had no problem either with backward compatibility , in that the " mixed mode " feature lets you both 54 and 11 mb cards off the router .	1
norton pops up a window about the intrusions and gives me as much detail as possible about where the intrusion is coming from .	1
the nokia 6600 is a great phone , good games , good camera .	1
yes , the 1-800 number probably redirected me to someone in india , but the guy was easy to understand , and he helped solve the problem .	1
it has a classic design yet looks hip .	1
2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to use .	1
the sound is great , the portability , etc . . . all the " stuff " you expect from a good mp-3 player , this zen micro has it .	1
setup is totally breeze and linksys 's web site is pretty easy to navigate .	1
yes , the features are numerous .	1
well , i have an ipod mini - and i really like it , but all in all , i like the zen micro more .	1
it 's easy to use . not too small , and not too big .	1
the songs recorded with fm are as good as the original signal .	1
the guide fence for freehand routing is well made and solid .	1
so far , the anti-spam feature seems to be very good .	1
better for the zen micro is outlook compatibility .	1
with one of the most intuitive user-interfaces around , seamless bluetooth sync with microsoft outlook , support for thousands of applications for the symbian platform which this phone runs on ( i own the ir remote , iq and a few others ) , the nokia 6600 is all of the above - one of the few phones from t-mobile that can claim such a distinction .	1
it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i . e . organizer ) , and the radio ! .	1
i highly recommend it if you are looking for a phone with great camera quality and/or lots of features you would find in a pda .	1
this thing does everything but washes your dishes .	1
these tasks are faster and easier than in prior versions , and i found the menu to be much more navigable .	1
and really this is the best phone one could have .	1
i think that for its price compared to the ipod the creative zen is pretty good .	1
it may not top the ipod mini , but it 's definitely an alternative if you also want the extra features and good sound quality .	1
downloads are a snap and quick .	1
if you 're looking for a 3hp plunge router , the hitachi m12v is your best bet to stretch your equipment budget .	1
in conclusion , i gave the ipod a 4/5 because anything this expensive should would work just about flawlessly .	1
with the enormous numbers of diapers that you go through with a newborn , it was great how easy it was to dispose of the dirty ones .	1
the sound is quite good , in terms of volume .	1
i own this phone for about 6 months now , i have used the following features : bluetooth connection to laptop and desktop for sync contacts and calendars with outlook , transfer files ( movies , songs ) , i have many movies on it now with a 512mb memory card that it takes .	1
this is one of the nicest phones nokia has made .	1
this is the first phone i know of that has the large bright screen , infrared , bluetooth , usb connector and a speakerphone .	1
i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great pictures yet does n 't take weeks to figure out how to operate .	1
the i-pod is the best thing i have ever used .	1
it 's cute as anything and the glowing blue led looks super cool around the edges .	1
this was possible due to the variable speed settings for any sized bit .	1
this is really a nice diaper pail .	1
comes with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small .	1
the interface , while a bit confusing at first , is very easy to navigate after about 15 minutes .	1
the software you get with this camera is perfect .	1
the zen micro fm receiver is ok , not great .	1
so far i have used all of the above-mentioned features , and find them well designed , and easy to understand .	1
i had a sony ericsson t610 before this and the t610 is far inferior .	1
it gives you the most bang for your buck , period .	1
2 ) nice features , like web browser , camera , video recorder , speaker phone ( very usefully ) , clear voice reception .	1
it also works just fine for international calls .	1
3 ) joy stick for eazy navigation , 35mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff .	1
moving on to sound department . . . it delivers ! .	1
the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n 't played with it too much on manual .	1
the design , as mentioned above , is sleek , cool and trendy ( and i think trendy = good , but it 's always hard to tell these days ) .	1
sending the unit to the company of purchase which costs about $90 ) , the ability to record with a built-in microphone ( great for recording reminders and meetings ) , very sturdy construction , and not to mention . . . the sound quality is excellent ! .	1
its ability to record radio is useful as well , but would have been more so if it could be preset .	1
this is a great phone i have this phone since feb 04 and i never have any problem at all .	1
with bluetooth off the phone last almost twice as long .	1
excellent phone , the phone looks much better than what u see in the pictures .	1
the battery on mine lasts 2 days if i don 't play games that much , and it only takes 90 mins to charge from flat .	1
for me , it is as important that the tool be comfortable to use as it is that it produce a high-quality result .	1
it is amazing that the battery lasts so long when the phone is so small and light .	1
settings for just about everything , beautiful pics and beautiful prints .	1
looks and durability : i realize many people are fond of the minimalist white interface .	0
a bit disappoint on that ! .	0
my file log was not responding and the program was not blocking any cookies or unauthorized sites .	0
first of all , i 've never been big on earbuds - they 're just not that comfortable .	0
norton online support does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer .	0
i 'm giving it 1 star because as compared to other nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other blunders by other companies ( such a samsung and motorola ) it might be good . . . . but if you 're getting a nokia , don 't get this one .	0
i already knew something was wrong , because much of the spam i 've seen in the past six months was from resellers of norton products .	0
unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other features it packs outweighs this shortcoming .	0
this simple nuance was too much for nokia , and they still refuse to acknowledge the fact that their technician could have broken the phone or repair the phone for free .	0
if you experience problems with installation , you can visit symantec 's website , click the support tab , click the 'home or home office support ' and there is an automated support assistant that can scan the norton program files on your computer and it will tell you what is not working right and how to fix it .	0
also , not liking the gel case .	0
if you are already using a previous version of nortron security and uni stalled it to install the new version , you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system ! .	0
durability : not good . first problem , if you haven 't seen the news recently , the ipods are being recalled for battery problems and not lasting the advertised 18 months .	0
the " movies " last about 5 seconds .	0
as with most headphones that come with any type of music player , i recommend throwing these into the nearest river , unless you like having hard , round pieces of plastic in your ears .	0
i did it and it was worse the second time around . . . unbelievable .	0
my ipod freezes occasionally , which is especially annoying when you 're in the middle of a game of " brick . " *	0
although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing .	0
after telling the rep and his tech supervisor the problem the only answer was to uninstall the program ( which i had already done ) . . .	0
the backlight on the phone goes off way too quickly ( dangerous when you 're driving at night ) , and there 's no way to change this --	0
games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link cable to get additional games .	0
this time , it started the installation process , then i left for work . i think it will work . i hope it will work .	0
one downside : as of this writing , t-mobile has n 't updated their t-zone system to fully support the 6610 .	0
t-mobile wasn 't upfront about some of the terms to qualify for the rebate .	0
if you are new to the market and looking to buy a symantec software product , save yourself some money and buy the 2003 version .	0
1-a cell phone is to make calls , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you 'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .	0
it also does n 't have voice activated dialing . big minus ! . ! .	0
our norton internet/av 2004 was terrible right from the get go , so i 'd think that if steelworks is ok now , it should remain ok .	0
it was immediately noticeable that nis slows down my computer ( pent4 , 256 ram ) .	0
cons breaks easily .	0
the volume .	0
symantec should give us all a refund and apology ! .	0
just the home version of norton internet/av has too many glitches and problems to even remotely bother with .	0
after 4 attempted installs , i have finally given up .	0
can 't get easier than that ! .	0
configuring it for a home network was almost impossible .	0
my only complaint ( really more of an observation ) is that the outside finish of the ipod is rather delicate , so i am going to get a case for mine so it doesn 't get all scratched up .	0
i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked .	0
customer service : awful . listen to this one , remember the battery statement i made earlier .	0
seems the " program scan " feature did not find the exe file for outlook ! .	0
the menu options are uncreative , as you can 't see a full screen of menu items to pick from ; . you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your eye on the road ! . ) .	0
so i e-mailed the online tech support with that simple question , and got a reply which was totally unresponsive ( it looked as though they didn 't actually read the e-mail and just sent back a few boilerplate paragraphs ) .	0
i had tried to uninstall norton internet security a few weeks ago , and it wouldn 't let me do that either .	0
i have a modern pc with lots of speed and memory , but this firewall just brought it to a halt .	0
in noisy environment , it 's hard to hear from the earpiece .	0
it was a symantec error .	0
speaker volume is loud and clear but it sacrifices the battery life .	0
the navigation takes so much time that it would eventually drive you crazy .	0
norton support is completely pathetic .	0
*the ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything and gets scratched easily .	0
and i can 't warn you enough to stay away from norton ! . ! .	0
another thing you should know , the metal on the flip side of the ipod is very tacky , and scratches very easily .	0
then , my ad/pop-up blocking was completely gone .	0
the gprs web access is slow ! .	0
after scouring the various boards i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem .	0
however , it needs to be quite quiet for it to work at all -- dosn 't work at all in the car , for example .	0
this program would not let me send outlook email or listen to audible sample books online .	0
the back of the ipod is in a chrome finish , and this surface is prone to scratches .	0
and the battery life is bad ! .	0
the number buttons are crammed into a 3x4cm area , the fonts are small , the interface is too convoluted and frustrating , it 's not that customizable as well .	0
it is buggy , slow and basically frustrates the heck out of the user .	0
personally , i may never buy symantect products again .	0
the interface took a little getting used to .	0
they have the worst service of any of the major companies .	0
although i disabled norton antispam , it is still there .	0
is it necessary to scan my ms money database when i close the program ? .	0
like most of their solutions ( which first blame other applications for errors ) , the tech persons line was that this was probably a microsoft error - it was not .	0
while i was trying to play half life 2 it started popping up with " alerts " every twenty seconds ( literally ) , warning me my antivirus protection was off .	0
4- my idea was that it was an all-in-one , and that theory -once again- proves wrong , this phone ex cells at nothing , less than average in everything , if you seriously need any of the " other than phone " functionalists , you 'll be disappointed . . . . if you have lots of money and bought it for the love of gadgets then fine . . . . but don 't expect to get much done .	0
sometimes when you press buttons , the menu appears after a second or two .	0
i have never had this problem with any other software on my computer .	0
they are a royal pain to install , and don 't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all .	0
as a loyal customer of norton/symantec products , i purchased internet security 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any more dissatisfied with the product ( and hence the one star rating ) .	0
the ms scandisk would appear due to manual shutdown and would only scan to the 2nd bar , over and over ( up to 1 hr , i then shut it down and used go back ) .	0
t610 supports only midi files .	0
3 no voice recorder -- this has also become an important and popular feature that the ipod unfortunately doesn 't have .	0
hard drive screws up occasionally	0
doesn 't have alot of good games on it .	0
long reboots due to norton taking forever to boot .	0
avoid this product at all costs .	0
so far i haven 't had so much complaints except that i still haven 't mastered how to scandisk when using internet security .	0
apple closed their island to anything that resembled microsoft , and clearly let napster know it could not use their products with napster 's services .	0
i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet .	0
the os is ab it confusing at 1st , but within a few days you will pass this learning curve ! .	0
but if i installed either one of these norton products , neither works after installation ? .	0
so , right out of the box i had issue .	0
this phone doesn 't include phone card calling .	0
however , i suspect that many people are having a bad experience -- do not purchase this product .	0
i finally got a free support number for norton through my usp support staff , but waited an hour or more for a voice .	0
apple 's ipod battery replacement service costs $100 ! .	0
the battery issue is superficially a concern , but any reasonable solder-jockey ( such as myself : - ) can pop in a new one when the time comes ( based upon the plentiful info gained from a go ogle for 'ipod battery replacement ' ) .	0
if you call apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged , they charge you roughly $105 . 50 per minute and blame you for " abusing " your ipod .	0
the problems i had installing norton extended way beyond what symantec should reasonably expect the public to deal with .	0
unfortunately , i sold it exactly a month later .	0
of course , if you try to reach symantec customer service you get useless automated systems unless you want to pay $30 per incident .	0
the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network .	0
when i got it home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply were n 't there :	0
booting up my computer took forever ! . ! . ! .	0
after several years of torture in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! .	0
i saw a few complaints on the load time of menus and i feel people are over-exaggerating the menu load time .	0
it 's a rip off if one buys norton internet security and antivirus .	0
now in october , 2004 , the firewall said i couldn 't ok anymore software to use the internet because its full .	0
finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier .	0
im at full capacity ! . ! . ! . ! . i called syman tic and they said they don 't know why but i should get tech 's support at $35/hr to help ! . ! . i did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes until i hung up ! .	0
also , some other mp3 players such as the nitrus allow you to play wma ( windows media audio ) files , whereas the ipod does not .	0
nothing spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus software .	0
i find this feature on this phone useless , but , since i don 't really need this function anyway , i don 't really use it .	0
again , every review written about the tech line is true . . . after waiting close to 45 minutes i finally spoke to a rep .	0
i 'm currently using a sony vaio s-150 ( which i bought at the end of this past august ) , and it takes about five minutes just to boot the system - in fact , i 've taken to just hibernating , rather than shutting down completely .	0
but this doesn 't make up for it 's innumerable other short-comings , the biggest of which is the inability to download any updates due to problems with liveupdate .	0
downside is the size of the phone , it is big for today 's standard .	0
i tried disabling the various components provided with this product , paring it all the way back to anti-virus only service . . . and saw no improvement .	0
after 10 years , i now downloaded mccaffee 's product after calling their support . . . . they answered quickly , and for free , and were very helpful .	0
i simply hate symantec . i swear , if i could have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my bare , bleeding hands , i would have .	0
i am an it professional and have used norton for years , but this product is a complete and utter dud .	0
back in may 2004 , when i first reviewed this , it had taken me over 16 hours to install and run .	0
the only problem i had was a small glitch with t-mobile .	0
this version of internet security 2004 , is beyond hope .	0
from day one , we 've had hangups , crashes , glitches , continual reboots , long shutdowns due to " cc app . exe " program running which is a norton program .	0
i have found too many bugs in norton internet security professional to recommend it to any one without extreme patience and experience .	0
i give it 4-stars only because the installation process - or rather problems that may surface during the installation process - can be frustrating to the average computer user .	0
in short - nokia themselves don 't know that this phone doesn 't work with the palm , and if you don 't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from scripts , chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly .	0
the only con i can think of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera .	0
and if you 're a mac user like me , they 've naturally made sure you have no viable alternative .	0
during install , nis would either freeze or not reboot properly when asked to do so .	0
i 've always liked symantec products , except for this version 2004 .	0
one complaint . . . the screen is too easily scratched ! .	0
cons : no am/fm radio tuner -- something a large number of compete tors are doing	0
some of the higher pitched rings are very easy to hear , but not easy to listen to .	0
the best thing to do with this version , is to leave it on the store shelf . it doesn 't work , and will cost you an enormous amount of your time , not to mention your hard earned dollars .	0
other things that i miss are voice-activated dialing and a standard 2 . 5 mm headset jack .	0
i think it is a combination of the program size taking up resources and the open/close scanning that it does with every program .	0
when i purchase software , i never want to have to spend hours looking up solutions to my install problems -- in particular solutions that involve manually setting driver preferences or editing the registry ! .	0
this is definitely one of those products , especially as the company is leaning more towards making a profit .	0
i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( laos angele's ) is horrendous .	0
i downloaded this set from norton , and within minutes my internet connection failed and my pc was almost dead due to registry problems from the download .	0
also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4 . 99 / mo . ) never works .	0
the biggest red flag for me was the fact that although my cousin 's player was relatively new , it was riddled with scratches .	0
i 've searched the program and their online tech support ( worthless ) and have found no solutions .	0
they didn 't know what the problem could be .	0
however , symantec has taken a significant turn for the worse with this release .	0
the more subtle tones that were included with the phone are hard to hear at times .	0
then when i went to norton 's website to obtain a priority id number per the instructions i had been given , i couldn 't find a way to get one .	0
it has an equalizer , but the iriver h10-20gb has a lot more presets than the ipod .	0
namely , it wouldnt sync .	0
first , let me say that i got the 20gb ipod for christmas , and i most likely would not have spent the $300 myself .	0
after a recent update , i can no longer open more then 1 browser window .	0
only if we could get one camera in it . .	0
you can " disable " some of the individual components , but don 't be fooled -- they 're still there and running .	0
this is only a problem at night , during the day the screen is very easy to see .	0
stay away from this product ! .	0
you can 't do that with a sony t610 ( which i traded for a 6600 ) .	0
also if you do manage to get it installed , any problems with liveupdate or with system works will also affect the functionality and/or the process of updating internet security .	0
- no voice activated dialing ( what were they thinking	0
the one huge disappointment is that the phones manufactured for t-mobile lack many of the menus and functions that a nokia straight from the manufacturer should have .	0
ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a regular ring .	0
their network coverage is very sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience .	0
the only problem is the size of the keys .	0
i read many reviews on norton i . s . 2004 from a variety of sources ( cnet , amazon , message boards ) and came to the conclusion that nis 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update .	0
i have read the installation instructions for both nis 2004 and navy 2004 prior to installation , but still ended up with the same result . . . junk software .	0
don 't use them , so i delete them for addle space .	0
there is also no voice recording , something most if not all mp3 players have that the ipod doesn 't .	0
also , when i dial an " 800 " number like an airline , it will not allow me to use number keys to navigate the prerecorded menu .	0
this is a terrible company with a bad product and awful support .	0
what disappoints me the most that a software like that is not cheap gets zero support form symantec , if you want support , they 'll charge you a fee ! .	0
but i had to give you four because the service for my brand-new ipod was terribly slow .	0
the only main drawback is the fact that the voice-dialing system is kinda picky .	0
they said they would refund all the money , but a month later , they tell me now the back-up disc is not refundable as its cost is purely handling and shipping - $15 to " handle " and ship a cd ? . -- and they have been indignant and combative on the phone and in emails .	0
so loud , really , that it does n 't work terribly well as a silent ringer option .	0
i am glad that i do not work for norton .	0
its steel backing picks up fingerprints and scratches easily , not great from a cosmetic standpoint .	0
we can start by losing the shiny miracle-material cover that you can literally scratch just by looking at it wrong , and thus eliminate the need for third-party " asking " protective covers for an extra thirty bucks .	0
do not buy any home version of norton anything .	0
one other issue is that the headphone jack is unique to nokia , so standard headphones will not work .	0
since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " .	0
one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible .	0
sometimes , various applications crash .	0
2 ) phone is awfully slow .	0
and , when you think about it , it 's insulting that norton requires its customers to jump through these hoops -- anyone who can provide proof of purchase , whether on the phone or online ( what if your computer is down ? . ) , should have equal priority .	0
the menu pops up after 3 seconds the picture takes a while to load from its slow card memory .	0
however , i am very disappointed with this product and with symantec .	0
the customer support is pathetic .	0
its quiet .	0
- no proprietary headset jack	0
though nearly a dozen different people at both t-mobile and nokia have told me otherwise , it is simply not possible to use this phone as a bluetooth modem for the vast majority of pdas and many other devices .	0
at first glance , i thought this phone was a little too big for me , maybe a little too complicated .	0
the other annoyance with this that you have to remove every single remnant of previous version of norton systemworks before you installs this .	0
i see many other reviews that say the same . . . . stay away from norton , they don 't deserve you , or anyone ! .	0
when you consider expandability ( downloads via computer ) , the numerous features , two transmission programs and multiple storage devices , dependability - this is a phone that isn 't easy to out-grow .	0
their site offers no live help at all .	0
i am bored with the silver look .	0
if you have an older version of " internet security " installed , you may also need to remove it as well before proceeding with systemworks install .	0
the only problem i had was a few components didn 't quite load correctly upon startup , but a reboot fixed the problem .	0
it 's important that people know the following : first , the interface is slow .	0
the day finally arrived when i was sure i 'd leave sprint .	0
you also need to go in and manually remove many symantec files from the registry .	0
however , the main problem that i think is the with the sound quality .	0
holy cow ! . it really does scratch easily ! .	0
once it froze so bad i couldn 't even use the power button to turn it off , and had to open and take out the battery .	0
other than that it is all the same except the new updates .	0
on occasion i 'm not able to connect to the phone with isync via bluetooth but i found that rebooting the phone seems to solve this problem .	0
i 'm an advocate of nokia , but this phone and the following models ( 7610 ) , are seemingly a desperate trial at squeezing as much under-engineered and experimental technologies in one sloppy phone .	0
warning ! . the windows " remove program " feature does not do a good job of this , and neither does norton 's own removal program .	0
who wants to pay $30 to discuss a defect in a product that just cost $95 ? . ( i also bought the back-up cd ) .	0
my fingers are kind of stubby so it took a while to learn how to hit a key without hitting the adjacent ones .	0
there isn 't much features on the ipod at all , except games .	0
we constantly got " windows virtual memory low " error messages popping up foll wed by ridiculous slowdowns and/or crashes .	0
it feels like i 'm back to the days of 56k dial-up internet service , even though i 'm running a dell 2ghz pentium 4 with 256mb memory and have had excellent broadband service for the past year .	0
the 6610 has the radio function which is utterly useless .	0
i had much of the same problems that everyone else has listed ( mainly the slow processor ) , and then i couldn 't get the damn thing off my computer completely ! .	0
my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons .	0
this product has virtually all the same installation problems .	0
regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop .	0
only then did i learn the truth -- this phone does not work with palm pdas ! .	0
also , the battery 's aren 't user replaceable .	0
the 6600 will provide similar service in more developed areas of the states and not as well in more remote areas .	0
basically the 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped features you don 't and won 't need ( if you do get yourself a pda or pocket pc ) , none of them work as they should , and the basic phone functions and ergonomics are less than average .	0
this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands .	0
secondly , in addition to the lag each time you give a command , it 's just not that easily use able on the go .	0
there technical service isn 't helpful either ; . they just read what 's on their website and charge you $50 ( + toll fees ) to do it .	0
the only problem that i have found with the internet service is that it does not access mils ( real estate broker software ) very well at all .	0
this was obviously a conspiracy as it is freak in ' easy to manufacture a device with replaceable batteries ! . ! .	0
but those 2 come up every time .	0
however , in my mind , $299 is a lot to pay for a device that will only last 18 months .	0
they are not wow able good .	0
i really regret signing up with t-mobile , but i 'm stuck with them for the next 6 months of the contract .	0
maybe this new design is more durable than the last , but i kind of doubt it .	0
start up , log off , log on . . . everything became very slow .	0
features : really , there aren 't any features , unless you call the games a feature .	0
you hit the message button on the front and it takes a matter of seconds to bring up the menu .	0
the buttons on the phone are small , even for my small fingertips , but you get used to them rather quickly .	0
only con i can think of is no camera . . . .	0
poor visibility on the keys .	0
i could hardly use it without a recharge in 2 days ! .	0
just don 't get drawn into t-mobile 's catchy rebate .	0
one caveat i have is that i understand the ipod does not save the photos in such a way that the quality of the image is preserved .	0
for purposes of clarity , here is my review from that product , edited to be appropriate for this product , since , for the most part , they share many of the same problems .	0
no in box accessories -- an arm strap , belt strap , case , or anything would be nice , but nope . . . moveable parts -- this makes me almost want to keep my 3rd gen over a 4th ; . with moveable parts , its easy to damage an ipod at a gym , so this is for more casual listeners ; . note the ipod mini doesn 't have moveable parts and is made of titanium .	0
the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird .	0
i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable .	0
however , the battery life isn 't as good as i would like .	0
first , it serious , serious installation problems .	0
buy this if you like mental challenges or trying how to pick locks .	0
but it wouldn 't let me turn the av protection back on and it wouldn 't stop with the alerts .	0
multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you 'd expect .	0
this process can be very annoying and unsafe when you are driving a stick shift on the highway .	0
the photos in the address book are terribly scaled too ; . they look as though they were built out of lego's .	0
no problems now , just a sickly disappointment in the way norton has abandoned their customers .	0
i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing .	0
if you have no previous version of nortron security on your system , or nortron antivirus , the installation will go fine , otherwise dig in and in to do a major registery clean up ! . the old programs will leave a trace that will mess up the new installation , even if you uninstalled the old programs perfectly .	0