but it could have been worse .	1
it kinda works and qualifies as cool at times , but is just too lame to work or be cool at others .	2
it 's fun lite .	3
it 's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and shiner , starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that .	1
but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ?	2
deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness .	0
if i had been thinking about the visual medium , they would have been doing something wrong .	2
from the opening scenes , it 's clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie .	1
utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , roberto benigni 's pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film .	1
will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues .	4
... a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it .	1
sit through this one , and you wo n't need a magic watch to stop time ; your dvd player will do it for you .	1
not really bad so much as distasteful : we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers .	1
or emptying rat traps .	1
a valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the nba .	1
it seems like i have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now i ca n't wait for the sequel .	3
an exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir , minority report twists the best of technology around a gripping story , delivering a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order	4
a perplexing example of promise unfulfilled , despite many charming moments .	2
dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away .	0
so devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like xxx and collateral damage seem like thoughtful treatises	0
although german cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world 's best cuisine , mostly martha could make deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists .	3
atom egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues	4
byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us , and he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama .	3
the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take .	0
a poignant and compelling story about relationships , food of love takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart .	4
all-in-all , the film is an enjoyable and frankly told tale of a people who live among us , but not necessarily with us .	3
the film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when carvey 's saturday night live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment .	1
less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins .	1
schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character .	1
it appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen .	1
as a rumor of angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even ms. redgrave 's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality .	0
not exactly the bees knees	1
passable entertainment , but it 's the kind of motion picture that wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards .	1
chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer .	2
michael gerbosi 's script is economically packed with telling scenes .	4
a hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the mason-dixon line .	1
it 's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up .	1
it 's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible .	3
sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance .	1
coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit .	1
broomfield turns his distinctive ` blundering ' style into something that could really help clear up the case .	3
it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study .	3
at its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .	0
... routine , harmless diversion and little else .	3
it all drags on so interminably it 's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time .	0
impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie does n't quite fly .	1
the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately do n't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays .	1
when the film ended , i felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while .	0
first-time writer-director serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film .	3
the end result is a film that 's neither .	1
an entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart .	3
chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum .	1
not since japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa 's ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur .	4
in his first stab at the form , jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically .	2
director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand .	4
there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer .	0
may not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow .	2
just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever .	3
filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels .	4
it will not appeal to the impatient , but those who like long books and movies will admire the way it accumulates power and depth .	2
adults will wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized .	1
would n't one about their famous dad , author of death in venice , etc. , be more valuable ?	2
a sequence of ridiculous shoot - 'em - up scenes .	1
as ` chick flicks ' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting .	0
delivers the same old same old , tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas .	1
seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work .	4
in execution , this clever idea is far less funny than the original , killers from space .	1
smith is careful not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities .	2
on the bright side , it contains jesse ventura 's best work since the xfl .	2
old-form moviemaking at its best .	4
dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments .	3
while -lrb- hill -rrb- has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film .	1
intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story 's least interesting subject .	3
miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness .	3
if you can stomach the rough content , it 's worth checking out for the performances alone .	3
it 's inoffensive , cheerful , built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery , it 's about as exciting as a sunburn .	1
hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people .	3
while the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they 're presented with a wry dark humor .	4
while much of the cast has charm -- especially allodi and nolden -- the performers are sunk by the film 's primitive approach to the mechanics of comedy .	2
while it 's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records -lrb- sugar hill gang , etc. -rrb- , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences .	1
the script is n't very good ; not even someone as gifted as hoffman -lrb- the actor -rrb- can make it work .	1
the movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate\/surf culture , the l.a. beach scene and the imaginative -lrb- and sometimes illegal -rrb- ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults .	4
writer\/director mark romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in america .	2
without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace .	2
so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he 'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor .	3
skins has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grains of salt .	2
a gorgeous , high-spirited musical from india that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama .	4
as a first-time director , paxton has tapped something in himself as an actor that provides frailty with its dark soul .	3
once -lrb- kim -rrb- begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors , you may decide it 's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard .	1
collateral damage finally delivers the goods for schwarzenegger fans .	3
the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater .	0
this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming .	3
beneath clouds is a succinct low-budget film whose compelling characters and intelligent script are exactly what was missing from rabbit-proof fence .	2
it 's refreshing to see a girl-power movie that does n't feel it has to prove anything .	4
it takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived .	1
at least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch .	1
a by-the-numbers effort that wo n't do much to enhance the franchise .	1
nine queens is not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece , but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head .	4
too slow , too long and too little happens .	1
an important movie , a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values .	4
my reaction in a word : disappointment .	0
about a manga-like heroine who fights back at her abusers , it 's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological .	3
this movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work .	0
the story and structure are well-honed .	3
the reality of the new live-action pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque .	1
if you 're a wwf fan , or you related to the people who watched the robots getting butchered in a.i. , you 'll probably like rollerball .	2
my big fat greek wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor .	4
it 's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic .	1
the humor is n't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original .	0
the continued good chemistry between carmen and juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained .	3
i do n't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but do n't treat me like a fool .	1
a fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie .	4
it 's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even oliver parker 's movie adaptation .	3
for all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses , there 's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love 's dissolution .	1
the film 's hackneyed message is not helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style .	0
in spite of good housekeeping 's unsavory characters and wwf mentality , this white trash war of the roses is a surprisingly engaging film .	2
if director michael dowse only superficially understands his characters , he does n't hold them in contempt .	1
the magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances .	3
davis ... is so enamored of her own creation that she ca n't see how insufferable the character is .	1
due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director 's brother , the film trails off into inconsequentiality .	1
blanchett 's performance confirms her power once again .	4
it 's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue .	1
there has always been something likable about the marquis de sade .	3
is the time really ripe for a warmed-over james bond adventure , with a village idiot as the 007 clone ?	1
as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming .	4
it 's a trifle of a movie , with a few laughs surrounding an unremarkable soft center .	2
like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything 's in place but something 's just a little off-kilter .	1
if this story must be told and retold -- and indeed it must -- then the grey zone is to be lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle .	2
although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play , the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs .	2
does n't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces ... that raise the bar on stylized screen violence .	1
... nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects .	1
an infectious cultural fable with a tasty balance of family drama and frenetic comedy .	3
warm water under a red bridge is a quirky and poignant japanese film that explores the fascinating connections between women , water , nature , and sexuality .	4
instead , he shows them the respect they are due .	4
... turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock .	0
dazzles with its fully-written characters , its determined stylishness -lrb- which always relates to characters and story -rrb- and johnny dankworth 's best soundtrack in years .	4
the socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides ... -lrb- and -rrb- personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy .	3
a misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment .	0
as vulgar as it is banal .	1
... plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments .	0
an unwise amalgam of broadcast news and vibes .	1
a movie with a real anarchic flair .	3
it 's a charming and often affecting journey .	4
a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes .	1
this rather superficial arthouse middle-brow film knows how to please a crowd , and that 's about all it does well .	2
despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed .	3
hey arnold !	2
a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality .	4
a superbly acted and funny\/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate .	3
serving sara does n't serve up a whole lot of laughs .	1
this is a story of two misfits who do n't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent .	3
add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney 's a good director .	4
this is it .	2
too often , the viewer is n't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .	0
american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize .	1
you will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report .	3
it 's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job .	1
without ever becoming didactic , director carlos carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality .	3
unlike the speedy wham-bam effect of most hollywood offerings , character development -- and more importantly , character empathy -- is at the heart of italian for beginners .	4
like mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well .	4
and just when you think it ca n't get any more gay , in pops nathan lane .	2
it 's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think .	3
outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent .	1
-lrb- w -rrb- hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall 's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands .	1
the son 's room is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos .	3
too much of the humor falls flat .	1
not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions .	0
this is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .	0
it 's unnerving to see recoing 's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment .	2
this is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director dario argento -lrb- a producer here -rrb- , but her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic .	3
this tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer 's star trek vi : the undiscovered country .	3
k-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap hollywood tension .	0
a subject like this should inspire reaction in its audience ; the pianist does not .	1
makes even the claustrophobic on-board quarters seem fun .	2
makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience .	0
nothing 's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away -- still , the derivative nine queens is lots of fun .	3
his comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude , calculated to provoke shocked laughter , without following up on a deeper level .	1
... the film suffers from a lack of humor -lrb- something needed to balance out the violence -rrb- ...	1
who needs love like this ?	2
the techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are chan and hewitt , but when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff , we ca n't recommend anything but a rental for the tuxedo .	2
puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with .	3
a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking .	2
this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get .	4
it 's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman .	3
a dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going .	1
a full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution .	3
not since freddy got fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through .	0
try as i may , i ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` thank you ! '	0
we have n't seen such hilarity since say it is n't so !	4
this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film .	1
suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters , this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since it 's been packaged and sold back to us by hollywood .	0
pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins .	1
just not campy enough	1
beautifully observed , miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama .	4
the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves .	0
woody allen 's latest is an ambling , broad comedy about all there is to love -- and hate -- about the movie biz .	3
a lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j.m. barrie 's peter pan .	0
they should have called it gutterball .	1
there 's just no currency in deriding james bond for being a clichéd , doddering , misogynistic boy 's club .	2
this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .	0
complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible effort	1
attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience .	1
i 'm just too bored to care .	1
good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back !	3
the draw -lrb- for `` big bad love '' -rrb- is a solid performance by arliss howard .	4
the actors are appealing , but elysian fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental .	2
every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .	1
there are simply too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part sliding doors , part pop video -- and yet failing to exploit them .	1
whether you like rap music or loathe it , you ca n't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie .	3
it 's fascinating to see how bettany and mcdowell play off each other .	3
for movie lovers as well as opera lovers , tosca is a real treat .	4
sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is rebecca romijn-stamos .	1
manages to be somewhat well-acted , not badly art-directed and utterly unengaging no matter how hard it tries to be thrilling , touching or , yikes , uproarious .	2
that dogged good will of the parents and ` vain ' jia 's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums .	3
i 'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film .	1
it has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death .	1
if steven soderbergh 's ` solaris ' is a failure it is a glorious failure .	4
verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies .	1
looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen .	1
it uses the pain and violence of war as background material for color .	2
a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda .	3
director andrew niccol ... demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame .	3
by the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , ... actually pretty good .	2
while locals will get a kick out of spotting cleveland sites , the rest of the world will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning coen brothers envious .	3
like you could n't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .	0
the ga-zillionth airhead movie about a wife in distress who resorts to desperate measures .	2
forgettable horror -- more gory than psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of friday-night excitement and milla power .	2
... takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport	3
i had to look away - this was god awful .	0
because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , ` swimfan ' left me with a very bad feeling .	1
zaidan 's script has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight .	1
moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not .	3
generally , clockstoppers will fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler , while happily killing 94 minutes .	3
while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer 's appetite , the film 's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving .	3
it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away .	4
it haunts you , you ca n't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it .	3
essentially an exceptionally well-written , well-edited , well-directed , well-acted , bald rip-off of aliens .	2
a delightful coming-of-age story .	3
no one but a convict guilty of some truly heinous crime should have to sit through the master of disguise .	0
liotta put on 30 pounds for the role , and has completely transformed himself from his smooth , goodfellas image .	3
it 's great escapist fun that recreates a place and time that will never happen again .	3
jose campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory .	4
that is a compliment to kuras and miller .	3
an absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss .	1
it all feels like a monty python sketch gone horribly wrong .	0
it will grip even viewers who are n't interested in rap , as it cuts to the heart of american society in an unnerving way .	3
i got a headache watching this meaningless downer .	0
that 's pure pr hype .	1
it is amusing , and that 's all it needs to be .	4
makes for some truly odd , at times confusing , kids entertainment ... but at least this time there 's some centered storytelling to go along with all the weird stuff .	2
it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot .	4
the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-hollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance .	3
the characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory .	4
it 's slow -- very , very slow .	0
given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing soderbergh has ever done .	0
a giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of oscar-winners : susan sarandon and goldie hawn .	3
it 's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here 's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role .	0
a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton 's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana .	4
half submarine flick , half ghost story , all in one criminally neglected film	2
a swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith .	3
very bad .	0
the longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it 's actually pretty good in the first few minutes .	1
may be far from the best of the series , but it 's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation .	3
the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme 's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects .	0
the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well .	1
this illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the holy land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath .	3
the last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the same teenage american road-trip drek we 've seen before - only this time you have to read the fart jokes	1
that 's a cheat .	1
it 's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth .	3
with the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by cedric the entertainer as perry 's boss , there is n't a redeeming moment here .	0
travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment .	3
pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical .	4
and when you 're talking about a slapstick comedy , that 's a pretty big problem .	0
it 's everything you do n't go to the movies for .	0
viewers of `` the ring '' are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes .	2
you wo n't miss its messages , but you 'll be entertained as well .	2
still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed .	4
for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal .	3
exactly what it claims to be -- a simple diversion for the kids .	2
instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it 's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life .	3
slick piece of cross-promotion .	3
its maker , steven spielberg , has n't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray .	2
despite all evidence to the contrary , this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on tv and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults .	1
i am sorry that i was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy .	1
immersing us in the endlessly inventive , fiercely competitive world of hip-hop djs , the project is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you itch .	3
no telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie .	1
dilbert without the right-on satiric humor .	2
it 's dumb , but more importantly , it 's just not scary .	0
there 's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache .	3
uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict , adolescent yearning , the roots of friendship and sexual identity .	4
despite the evocative aesthetics evincing the hollow state of modern love life , the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine .	1
kept aloft largely by a comically adept ensemble .	2
you wonder why enough was n't just a music video rather than a full-length movie .	1
let 's hope -- shall we ?	2
the experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not .	0
there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked .	0
not a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted .	2
as befits its title , this pg-13-rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the snuggle fabric softener bear .	2
writer\/director joe carnahan 's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic .	3
a morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other .	2
there 's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino 's characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television .	1
the fly-on-the-wall method used to document rural french school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work .	3
part three stooges .	2
the primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants .	3
montias ... pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters .	4
it has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness .	2
a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores .	4
the film 's snags and stumblings are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone .	2
pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery .	2
the result is a gaudy bag of stale candy , something from a halloween that died .	1
partway through watching this saccharine , easter-egg-colored concoction , you realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected tv show .	0
ah yes , and then there 's the music ...	2
vera 's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them .	1
this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world .	4
even the finest chef ca n't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and robert de niro ca n't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy .	1
a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow .	3
very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary .	3
every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated , and sex is currency .	1
moretti 's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss .	1
the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .	4
apart from dazzling cinematography , we 've seen just about everything in blue crush in one form or the other .	2
... with `` the bourne identity '' we return to the more traditional action genre .	3
this remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise : al pacino loathing robin williams .	2
we know the plot 's a little crazy , but it held my interest from start to finish .	3
combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , beck seems to be under the illusion that he 's shooting the latest system of a down video .	1
instead of hiding pinocchio from critics , miramax should have hidden it from everyone .	0
the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it seems better , not just bigger .	3
-lrb- t -rrb- his beguiling belgian fable , very much its own droll and delicate little film , has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why .	3
this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms .	1
the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .	3
the film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of joan 's madness .	3
even if you do n't think -lrb- kissinger 's -rrb- any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he 'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .	3
this directorial debut from music video show-off higuchinsky is all flash .	2
the film is quiet , threatening and unforgettable .	4
do not see this film .	1
the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh 's three lead actresses .	3
even in its most tedious scenes , russian ark is mesmerizing .	3
if you 're in the mood for a bollywood film , here 's one for you .	2
the tale of tok -lrb- andy lau -rrb- , a sleek sociopath on the trail of o -lrb- takashi sorimachi -rrb- , the most legendary of asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold .	1
generally provides its target audience of youngsters enough stimulating eye and ear candy to make its moral medicine go down .	2
i 've always dreamed of attending cannes , but after seeing this film , it 's not that big a deal .	1
we learn a lot about dying coral and see a lot of life on the reef .	2
professionally speaking , it 's tempting to jump ship in january to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller .	0
it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment .	1
his healthy sense of satire is light and fun ...	3
the performances take the movie to a higher level .	4
candid camera on methamphetamines .	2
a movie that reminds us of just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when it 's approached with imagination and flair .	3
the movie 's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach .	1
basically a static series of semi-improvised -lrb- and semi-coherent -rrb- raps between the stars .	1
no way i can believe this load of junk .	0
it 's a much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and gibson , stepping in for bruce willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip .	3
but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell .	2
the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones .	1
-lrb- næs -rrb- directed the stage version of elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage .	4
does little more than play an innocuous game of fill-in - the-blanks with a tragic past .	1
though catch me if you can is n't badly made , the fun slowly leaks out of the movie .	2
is not easy .	2
it 's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there 's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong .	2
no aspirations to social import inform the movie version .	1
a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection .	4
directed in a paint-by-numbers manner .	1
forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending .	1
nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay .	0
a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures .	4
it inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental ` picture shows . '	4
harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment .	2
funny but perilously slight .	3
remember the kind of movie we were hoping `` ecks vs. sever '' or `` xxx '' was going to be ?	2
the best that can be said about the work here of scottish director ritchie ... is that he obviously does n't have his heart in it .	1
it provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds .	3
not only is undercover brother as funny , if not more so , than both austin powers films , but it 's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time .	4
the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip .	1
teen movies have really hit the skids .	1
wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty .	0
building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise .	3
a must-see for the david mamet enthusiast and for anyone who appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking .	4
whenever its story is n't bogged down by idiocy involving the cia and a lost u.s. satellite , hunter -- starring irwin and his american wife\/colleague , terri -- is a movie children should enjoy .	2
too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped .	0
while it 's nice to watch a movie that has n't been focus-grouped into tedium , yu 's cinematic alchemy produces nearly as much lead as gold .	2
claude chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but that 's okay .	2
the structure the film takes may find matt damon and ben affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a good will hunting trilogy that was never planned .	3
if this disposable tissue has one wild card , it 's john turturro , who 's simply fab as a spanish butler with a foot fetish .	2
chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama .	1
this is so bad .	0
a giggle a minute .	4
... a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of jean reno .	3
irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films , but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater .	1
cq 's reflection of artists and the love of cinema-and-self suggests nothing less than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best european directors .	3
and if you 're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes , you 've got ice water in your veins .	3
one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals ... a psychological masterpiece .	4
richard gere and diane lane put in fine performances as does french actor oliver martinez .	3
huppert 's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face .	2
it can not be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull .	0
the film 's almost unbearable portrait of sadness and grief transcends its specific story to speak to the ways in which need , history and presumption tangle , and sometimes destroy , blood ties .	2
holy mad maniac in a mask , splat-man !	2
huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair .	3
this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs .	1
i ca n't quite recommend it -- it 's too patched together -- but i almost can ; it 's the kind of movie that makes you want to like it .	2
a delirious celebration of the female orgasm .	2
one of the smartest takes on singles culture i 've seen in a long time .	4
the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as ... -lrb- quills -rrb- did by showing them .	3
this is her blue lagoon .	2
it is the sheer , selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of leon 's struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion , despite its patchy construction .	2
should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor .	2
another one of those estrogen overdose movies like `` divine secrets of the ya ya sisterhood , '' except that the writing , acting and character development are a lot better .	3
shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere .	1
for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it 's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking .	0
if the count of monte cristo does n't transform caviezel into a movie star , then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago .	2
the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him .	1
it all adds up to good fun .	3
it 's a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force .	4
the vintage is pure ' 87 , with a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message : fatal attraction = do n't have an affair with a nutjob ; unfaithful = do n't if you 're married to one .	2
my thoughts were focused on the characters .	3
may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen .	1
a quiet , pure , elliptical film	3
a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 .	4
hilariously inept and ridiculous .	3
what time is it there ?	2
further proof that the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of dubya 's axis of evil .	3
aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better .	3
light years \/ several warp speeds \/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection .	3
-lrb- majidi -rrb- makes us think twice about immigrants we see around us every day .	2
while the stoically delivered hokum of hart 's war is never fun , it 's still a worthy addition to the growing canon of post-saving private ryan tributes to the greatest generation .	2
far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features nickelodeon has made from its other animated tv series .	4
deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises	4
among the year 's most intriguing explorations of alientation .	4
so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie .	3
the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries .	3
manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane .	0
crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action .	4
a movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle .	2
sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest .	1
the whole is quite entertaining , but despite its virtues , there is an unsettled feeling to the film .	2
a gripping movie , played with performances that are all understated and touching .	4
mcconaughey 's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script .	3
it 's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellor that makes this `` two weddings and a funeral '' fun .	4
morton uses her face and her body language to bring us morvern 's soul , even though the character is almost completely deadpan .	3
the inspirational screenplay by mike rich covers a lot of ground , perhaps too much , but ties things together , neatly , by the end .	3
despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience .	3
this is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults .	4
like mike is n't interested in recycling old cliches .	2
nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns .	2
christina ricci comedy about sympathy , hypocrisy and love is a misfire .	2
displaying about equal amounts of naiveté , passion and talent , beneath clouds establishes sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential .	3
the chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between gauls and yanks .	3
socrates motions for hemlock .	2
a string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity .	1
a celebration of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals ' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences .	3
binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .	4
the overall effect is less like a children 's movie than a recruitment film for future hollywood sellouts .	1
with rabbit-proof fence , noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie .	3
-lrb- a -rrb- n utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the disney comedies from the 60s .	4
it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought .	2
... a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause .	1
not nearly long enough .	2
by getting myself wrapped up in the visuals and eccentricities of many of the characters , i found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie .	1
holm ... embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma .	4
uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance .	4
a fitfully amusing romp that , if nothing else , will appeal to fans of malcolm in the middle and its pubescent star , frankie muniz .	3
one of creepiest , scariest movies to come along in a long , long time , easily rivaling blair witch or the others .	3
thanks to haynes ' absolute control of the film 's mood , and buoyed by three terrific performances , far from heaven actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act .	3
at its best , queen is campy fun like the vincent price horror classics of the '60s .	3
84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare .	2
expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery .	0
a quiet treasure -- a film to be savored .	4
-lrb- lawrence bounces -rrb- all over the stage , dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place .	3
... think of it as american pie on valium .	2
slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschooler 's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $ 40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead ?	0
unfortunately , it appears that -lrb- jackie -rrb- chan 's us influence is starting to show in his hong kong films .	2
yakusho and shimizu ... create engaging characterizations in imamura 's lively and enjoyable cultural mix .	4
challenging , intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative .	4
`` the time machine '' is a movie that has no interest in itself .	0
the weight of the piece , the unerring professionalism of the chilly production , and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic prove recommendation enough .	3
fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment .	3
it 's hard to imagine alan arkin being better than he is in this performance .	3
the wild thornberrys movie is a jolly surprise .	3
the terrific and bewilderingly underrated campbell scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing .	4
the film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence , but it 's an enjoyable one .	2
detox is ultimately a pointless endeavor .	1
no one goes unindicted here , which is probably for the best .	2
drops you into a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why .	3
there is n't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients .	1
at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there 's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential .	1
does paint some memorable images ... , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters	3
i have no way of knowing exactly how much is exaggeration , but i 've got a creepy feeling that the film is closer to the mark than i want to believe .	2
there 's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like lavinia , to go the conservative route .	2
a twisty , moody slice of southern gothic ...	2
corny , schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless .	3
the french are rather good at this kind of thing , unlike the americans , who have a passion for musketeers , only to spoof them .	2
people cinema at its finest .	4
oscar wilde 's masterpiece , the importance of being earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century .	3
the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom .	1
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity .	0
ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine .	0
jaglom ... put -lrb- s -rrb- the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters	3
it 's so good that you can practically see the hollywood ` suits ' trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the all-too - inevitable american remake .	2
new best friend 's playboy-mansion presentation of college life is laugh-out-loud ludicrous .	2
feature debuter d.j. caruso directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter tony gayton 's narcotics noir to life .	4
nonsensical , dull `` cyber-horror '' flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting .	0
