when the machine's serviceman is particularly rude to him , he gets revenge by having his double-parked truck ticketed ; the serviceman runs out and leaves his cart behind .	1
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it's still quite worth seeing .	0
matt lee whitlock ( washington ) , respected chief of police in small banyan key , florida , must solve a vicious double homicide before he himself falls under suspicion .	1
he has all the kit but none of the skill , and he's a laughing stock at school .	1
but now , hogwarts students are strangely being turned into stone .	1
a gripping little b-movie of more mood than substance , below nonetheless delivers on its modest promises .	0
the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in [the characters'] misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .	0
it's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth .	0
harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .	0
the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson . . .	0
eagle is facing his own living hell 3 , 000 miles away in new jersey .	1
philippa is arrested and questioned about her ( supposedly terroristic ) motives .	1
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing .	0
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .	0
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia .	0
 . . . unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .	0
we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .	0
works as another uncompromisingly adult movie that assumes its audience is intelligent and doesn't have to cut narrative corners to make viewers feel safe .	0
there's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan , but it's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted .	0
born in eastern europe , tobias grew up in poverty , the son of a thief , beggar and prostitute .	1
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you're going to feel like you weren't invited to the party .	0
for him semana santa is a time to kill .	1
has just enough charm ( not to mention a sense of its own ridiculousness ) to stay afloat .	0
the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .	0
detective mi yun ( played by yum jung-ah ) , and her newly appointed partner , detective kang ( played by ji jin-hee ) , are assigned to the case .	1
but , sometimes what we teach our children can be as deadly as not teaching them .	1
griffin & co . manage to be spectacularly outrageous .	0
fans of waiting for guffman , american movie and rushmore have found a new favorite in this hilarious mockumentary .	1
with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable . with freeman and judd , i'll at least remember their characters .	0
cho's fans are sure to be entertained ; it's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- i'm not one of them .	0
her in-laws , who are tired of eva interfering in their lives , decide to set her up with someone so she can leave them alone .	1
his big brother george has also made a new friend , will , so stuart is feeing lonely .	1
savvy director robert j . siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .	0
`martin lawrence live' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .	0
ultimately . . . the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .	0
mostly centered on indianapolis , this film puts this problem ( which many assume to be an urban phenomenon ) firmly in the heartland of the usa .	1
it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .	0
'tracks' chronicles their descent with a striking visual portrayal of a boy who made a mistake , paid the consequences and got back on 'track . '	1
so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . not to mention absolutely refreshed .	0
a fish-out-of-water comedy about a talented street drummer from harlem who enrolls in a southern university , expecting to lead its marching band's drumline to victory .	1
and the rule of this race is to kill the other contestants to win the race ! ! !	1
our hero , murray , must finish his long overdue thesis on " the ten archetypes of americans in their twenties " as the clock ticks ever louder .	1
just on the other side of thirty , dave is an unemployed sculptor clumsily going nowhere in a small town .	1
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film . what's left is a rich stew of longing .	0
her father ( bill nighy ) is desperate to repeat the spectacular success of his first novel , but hasn't written a word for 12 years ; her exquisite sister rose ( rose byrne ) can only rail against their fate , and their bohemian step-mother topaz ( tara fitzgerald ) is a nudist and no help at all .	1
a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .	0
colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you , burkinabe filmmaker dani kouyate's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .	0
only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : anthony . hopkins .	0
theology aside , why put someone who ultimately doesn't learn at the center of a kids' story ?	0
ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy . if there ain't none , you have a problem .	0
to protect her relationship with john , she " ditches " her son , having him arrested and locked in a correctional " mental " facility , before coercing her older brother burt , who lives in hollywood , to take him .	1
a fairly optimistic representation of family abuse , sexual , psychological and physical violence .	1
decades ago , the legendary james brown sold his soul to the devil for fame and fortune .	1
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .	0
however , soon they have the cops and the anti-terror corps on their tails .	1
any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment .	0
little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its summer x games .	0
it is a look into one of the major social issues of the 21st century , inmigration .	1
 " issaquena " chronicles the decay of a wealthy mississippi delta family in the 1930's .	1
perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions .	0
blau ( trevor griffiths ) needs a favor for old times' sake .	1
resident evil may be brain dead but it's great popcorn entertainment nonetheless .	0
without shakespeare's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .	0
those who managed to avoid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary derrida . or , you can do something fun tonight .	0
reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes .	0
hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .	0
what if hitler didn't die in berlin at the end of the war ?	1
so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .	0
caught in this battle of wills is clara's daughter , victoria , who finds she is about to be married into the same faith that murdered her father .	1
this extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long .	0
renйe zellweger , catherine zeta-jones , richard gere , queen latifah and even sad-faced ol' john c . reilly will have you singin' and dancin' in the aisles .	0
its heart is in the right place and the lack of cynicism comes as a pleasant surprise .	0
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .	0
simultaneously devastating and hilarious , the film manages to capture the daily rituals and mundanities of life in such engrossing proximity that everything becomes drama .	1
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .	0
but santa's got problems ( he's even mysteriously losing weight ) and things quickly go south when he finds out that his son , charlie , has landed on this year's " naughty " list .	1
it's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .	0
upon his arrival he hears talk about monroe hutchen ( snipes ) who is the top ranked prison boxing champ 10 years running .	1
rock's stand-up magic wanes . hopkins , squarely fills the screen . action - mechanical .	0
a new york city oil company troubleshooter is brought to a remote b . c .	1
all in all , the animation is what cracked my urge to despise this squeaky cartoon .	0
in reality , she endures the day-to-day hurt of a sensitive girl who is very much alone .	1
this is a rare twisted crowd-pleaser for longtime fans as well as novices -- or for those that don't know an arachnid from an insect .	0
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .	0
the subject of this documentary is private life in the big city , apartments as a last stronghold of individuality , in addition to emphasizing the fact that to live together in one and the same place does not ensure that a community will be formed .	1
watching possession is a movie experience not much deeper than you'd get on your couch watching masterpiece theater or mystery ! -- pleasant enough , but oh so soft .	0
for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2-hour running time .	0
eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , caruso's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable .	0
that is the question that plagues steve richards ( john stamos ) and eric meyer ( daniel london ) in the comedy " grownups . "	1
through his addiction to these ardent visions , he becomes more reclusive .	1
things never seem to be the way they really are .	1
the terrorist must destroy any genetic remains on the junkie to keep the key to her code a secret .	1
bears is bad . not 'terrible filmmaking' bad , but more like , 'i once had a nightmare like this , and it's now coming true' bad .	0
with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .	0
people were fleeing away from the air raids on kandahar , herat and others cities and villages .	1
one of the threads follows the brand new ( unmarried ) prime minister ( grant ) of the united kingdom , who on his first day in 10 downing street falls in love with the girl ( mccutcheon ) who brings him his tea ( thompson plays his sister ; rickman plays her husband ) .	1
little ella's birthright is the gift - and curse - of obedience .	1
in capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .	0
there , they plot revenge on those who made fun of them , and especially the power-hungry christine .	1
scared and confused , frank and caroline must find their way back home , all the while avoiding danger at every turn .	1
extreme oops - oops , ops , no matter how you spell it , it's still a mistake to go see it .	0
the porn business prospered greatly due to many of the movies he appeared in .	1
though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and clichй .	0
cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie .	0
the tonal shifts are jolting , and though wen's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive .	0
only one person can eventually solve the crisis : stefan balsiger himself .	1
biography of brazilian actress odete lara , a sex symbol in theater , television , music , and cinema .	1
paravasu is the elder son of the great sage raibhya ( mohan agashe ) .	1
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film . . .	0
there is a genius to ( this ) experimental and utterly surreal historical epic that has nothing to do with the fact that it was shot in one uninterrupted , mind-boggling take . . .	0
it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , " look at this ! this is an interesting movie ! " but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .	0
sitting in front of a computer , drinking excessive amounts of coffee and smoking cigarettes are the different tasks that keep dana awake and ready for the next message .	1
beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce . . . lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .	0
the farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one .	0
a film at once depressing and uplifting--depressing in terms of the sad , often horrifying subjects of nachtwey's photographs but uplifting in terms of his commitment and integrity .	0
based on a short story by bengali writer prafulla roy , the central idea developed by director dasgupta , tells the story of a girl , lati , whose mother rajani is a prostitute living and working in a brothel in rural india .	1
while grieving along with her parents and drawn into legal issues presented by a district attorney seeking justice for the family , he finds himself falling in love with another woman , against his own best intentions .	1
the kids go through many adventures as a result of taking the flag home .	1
by following his own heart and believing in himself , he finds true love his own way in the form of the beguiling doreen the po'boys - a band of four musicians - once had a hit single .	1
even if you don't think [kissinger's] any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .	0
he also doesn't realize that he accidentally left one of his shoes there .	1
there's only one thing his cousin didn't tell him . . .	1
provided with a blurry picture of william the media turns his ministry into a human interest story that spans the country in a massive media hunt for this " miracle man " .	1
no matter how hard you run from the past , it has a way of catching up with you .	1
with no other leads , claire warily sets out with miles towards tiburon , a secret community outside the city that may be the last hold-out against the drug . . .	1
moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .	0
part contemporary investigation and part historical inquiry , documentary follows the quest of one journalist in search of justice .	1
she faces exams , completion of her thesis , and a competitive interview process , all of which is compounded when a police detective , wade handler ( bratt ) , begins investigating the two year-old disappearance of her boyfriend , embry langan ( hunnam ) , a young man whose memory haunts and obsesses her .	1
as a result , sarah embarks upon a journey of discovery that leads to danger , heartbreak and romance in the far corners of the world .	1
there's no emotional pulse to solaris . with an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , soderbergh's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff .	0
dennis clegg is in his thirties and lives in a halfway house for the mentally ill in london .	1
now he's back in the park where he used to meet her . . .	1
an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .	0
a surreal fairy tale that coils in on itself like a slow-motion whirlpool and achieves an atmosphere of sublime creepiness without ever precisely making sense .	0
unfortunately , stiles has bought off a crooked sheriff who intends to make the trip very difficult for red . . .	1
a film about a modern-day shaman and his young disciple in rural vermont .	1
no matter how you slice it , mark wahlberg and thandie newton are not hepburn and grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore .	0
when sang-woo's mother finds work and finally returns for him , sang-woo has become a different boy .	1
in 1999 , after one of their husbands became ill with leukemia , the women came up with a more commercial concept : discreet photos of these bare wi lasses .	1
even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .	0
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .	0
in the next town over , desiree perry has returned to visit and show off her new anesthesiologist husband , reggie .	1
williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .	0
snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .	0
enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later .	0
between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .	0
a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for kissinger as a calculating war criminal .	0
after military service in the gulf war and the former yugoslavia , he returned to his inner city neighborhood to teach at the toughest school in town .	1
tadpole may be small , but it's something special -- a cheeky comedy knockout .	0
bullock stars as lucy kelson , chief counsel for the wade corporation , one of new york city's top commercial real estate developers .	1
debrauwer handles the story with such feeling and understanding that you quickly come to , not just like , but love these characters .	0
but throughout these years , she keeps in touch with her mother via letters to prison .	1
join edgar , the man , and gigi , the dog , on a casual stroll through a wacky cut and paste neighborhood filled with drunk clowns , smoking grandmas , and sidewalk preachers .	1
might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .	0
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .	0
learn about competitions such as k- ! , the world's most popular martial arts competition .	1
the sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready .	0
it all plays out . . . like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller's time out .	0
nayomi and lisa go to do the hit but everything goes terribly wrong .	1
ziyad and maryam are a happy young couple in lebanon , yet after three years of marriage they remain childless .	1
francophiles will snicker knowingly and you'll want to slap them .	0
based on a true story , sergeant peter king ( kenneth cranham ) of the army dental corps , too old to fight , and private leslie cuthbertson ( leo bill ) , a trainee dental mechanic in the corps , are thrown together by their passionate desire to see active service .	1
but a sassy hispanic angel in a mets cap and jacket wrestles joe in an alleyway and makes him listen to the divine message of the miraculous , " fear not . "	1
we get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of americana that hollywood couldn't possibly fictionalize and be believed .	0
now as a young scientist , he is researching healing technology using gamma radiation activated nanomeds .	1
melissa , who will drag him into a world of passion and crime , will soon meet him .	1
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) is that it's not as obnoxious as tom green's freddie got fingered .	0
there is a refreshing absence of cynicism in stuart little 2--quite a rarity , even in the family film market . eventually , it wins you over .	0
compared to sorority boys . . . this is high comedic art .	0
this gently retro story of a young morman missionary in the pacific islands of tonga loses some wholesomeness points due to some smug insularity .	0
an excellent chance to learn more about one of rock and roll's most significant bands and the struggle for freedom in the communist world .	0
a movie that's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it's-funny level .	0
the result is just enough pixie dust to get this franchise filler off the ground , provided viewers have enough faith and trust in one of the studio's most fondly remembered titles .	0
from the late master filmmaker krzysztof kieslowski comes 'heaven' , the first installment of a trilogy .	1
thought visible and seemingly accessible , every attempt to enter this island has resulted in disaster .	1
packed with spectacular special effects and martial arts action , the monk , kar , and a sexy russian mob princess called bad girl must struggle to find , face , and fight the ultimate enemy .	1
susie is obsessed about losing weight , thus being " bonita " and not " gorda " - the two keywords in the original spanish title .	1
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .	0
ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible .	0
anthony is a successful computer engineer in silicon valley where he seems to have the perfect life : a beautiful home secluded in the hills , stock options worth millions , and a lovely wife , victoria .	1
rodriguez . . . was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .	0
the animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense .	0
after a dream of a horrific car crash , kimberly helps save several people and causes another rift in death's design , but this time its different , since alex walked off the plane death's design did not only affect the survivors of flight 180 , but every single person they've come in contact with , now how will they stop it ?	1
meanwhile , dre is growing increasingly restless with his company's focus on profit over artistry , which leads to signing the gimmicky duo ren and ten while ignoring the talented chris .	1
for 7 years he has watched over the holy fire , forsaking his wife , family and every earthly pleasure .	1
the story is set against a relationship that forms between a runaway american teenage boy and a brazilian teenage girl who meet in the drug and gang controlled slums of rio de janeiro .	1
now he thinks he is seeing things that aren't there and if things don't improve , she will take their only son and leave .	1
one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .	0
[hayek] doesn't just act frida , she inhabits her .	0
 sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .	0
the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .	0
astonishingly skillful and moving . . . it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .	0
vince finally arrives at the cemetery the following day .	1
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .	0
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards .	0
it's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .	0
a classic romance always involves a certain formula : boy meets girl , boy loses girl , boy gets girl . beijing bicycle is a romance , except the love interest is a bicycle and not a girl .	0
once his products become good enough , he has to face severe competition , and , in some cases , humiliations , from well-established foreign companies .	1
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine	0
a modern romantic comedy set in halifax , mexico city , barcelona , tokyo and on the flights between , dragonwheel is the story of gloria ( krista macdonald ) , a worldly but crabby teen-boy-band manager and sherman ( graham gavine ) , a morose rural man as they escape from their lives , experience life-changing travel , and against their will , cling to one another .	1
this bold and lyrical first feature from raja amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment .	0
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .	0
who is murdered &#38 ; who is the murderer . . .	1
through dream manipulations and guilt , he's able to convince hockey-masked psychopath jason which both freddy and jason sense as the perfect opportunity for a slice-and-dice job .	1
owners who will do almost anything to keep them running .	1
the couch - considered holy because certain hasidic rabbis had slept on it - survived wwii and is in the filmmaker's great grandfather's house in rohod , a northeast hungarian town .	1
 " underground poets railroad " is equal parts concert film of performances at universities , churches , fire stations and national monuments across the country ; road trip documentary ; and , ultimately , a tribute to the 12 black firefighters who gave their lives on september 11 .	1
[t]his beguiling belgian fable , very much its own droll and delicate little film , has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why .	0
it's the most nimble epic you're likely to see .	0
with some help from otis and the paddy wagon's quirky regulars , among them an angry war vet in a parrot costume and a traveling salesman with a " small " problem , mark finally gets what he deserves .	1
the story really has no place to go since simone is not realЧshe can't provide any conflict .	0
sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ain't- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .	0
edgar , duncan's sixty year old , distant father , doesn't understand the strange manifestations of his son's mourning .	1
his older brother junnie offers to coach him on how to be a player , promising martin that within two weeks , she'll be his .	1
from naboo to tatooine , it grows into love for her .	1
however , the cold british guard ( bale ) is quick to end this visit , throwing bobby's mother out !	1
intensely loved by two women , who were never meant to be his .	1
mike's aunt soon opens her home to steve as well , and the two celebrate their good fortune at having the opportunity to get their lives on track .	1
for the first time in years , de niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars .	0
big-shot executive robert stiles' car is damaged when parked at the lodge .	1
gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive .	0
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .	0
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .	0
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .	0
how much you are moved by the emotional tumult of [franзois and michиle's] relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them .	0
a little objectivity could have gone a long way .	0
craig is an older , average-looking man who isn't handling aging well .	1
at dinner , his father asks him about his new telescope .	1
does paint some memorable images . . . , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters	0
when her mother passes away , ella is cared for by her thoughtless and greedy father who remarries a loathsome woman with two treacherous daughters .	1
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence .	0
their rescue mission leads them to a disused lab , but what should have been a simple raid turns into a series of twisted and mind bending incidents where the free and the caged switch places , in this tormented psychological horror .	1
in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995's forget paris . but even then , i'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .	0
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .	0
once convicted , he ends up on death row in texas himself , telling his story to a reporter through a series of flashbacks .	1
a squad of british soldiers on training in the lonesome scottish wilderness find a wounded special forces captain and the carnaged remains of his team .	1
they all decide to go together and they leave .	1
his father eventually becomes very ill and passes away , the future of rammoth lays in ancanar's hands .	1
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .	0
now they must run for their lives as the deluge strikes with full force at the heart of their private world .	1
on the road to lake tahoe , a stressed out young executive meets a woman who forever changes his life .	1
two american mafiosi , gino and settimo , take refuge in the glasgow cafe owned by their scottish/italian cousin .	1
'blue crush' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award .	0
tavernier shows us , in more ways than one , that le cinй ma de qualitй lives on .	0
amidst the ever continuous vitality of america , the color photograph , eve yearns for a stillness , a black and white print that will soothe her soul .	1
a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .	0
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year's worst cinematic tragedies .	0
when not wallowing in its characters' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .	0
amazing ? not quite . but this film sure is lovely .	0
the movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .	0
 " mr . deeds " is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .	0
as carolyn's " perfect life " falls apart , pumpkin teaches her that perfect isn't always perfect after all .	1
they both get close to tun , a lonely youth with an unspecified illness .	1
 . . . the movie just might be worth a rental if only for the sight of watching christopher walken belt out a musical number using only his hand and his armpit .	0
moretti . . . is the rare common-man artist who's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .	0
but this hope is quickly jeopardized when it becomes revealed that his comforting visitations may be being made from beyond the grave .	1
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .	0
it's a love story in havana at the begining of the 19th century , between a young women from hait&#237 ; and a german man .	1
enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre . the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .	0
but too late or otherwise , love at first sight is exactly what happens .	1
 " the ballad of bering strait " is a cinema-verite film following seven russian teenagers who have come to america to become country music stars .	1
travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment .	0
though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn , neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining .	0
things turn nasty when the casino director ( alec baldwin ) tries to break up the romance .	1
for the most part , i spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphy's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies .	0
far from perfect , but its heart is in the right place . . . innocent and well-meaning .	0
although commentary on nachtwey is provided . . . it's the image that really tells the tale .	0
in unit 16b at platypus rise flats , two hard and damaged women living on a diet of soapies , sarcasm and frustration are about to reach breaking point .	1
or this could be the start of a nightmare - the likes of which she could never have imagined .	1
documentary-style drama showing the events that lead up to the tragic incident on january 30 , 1972 in the northern ireland town of derry when a protest march led by civil rights activist ivan cooper was fired upon by british troops , killing 13 protesters and wounding 14 more .	1
an army of shadows kidnaps anyone who's out after dark and the patrolling thieves make the daylight miserable for everyone .	1
what if fate intervened and hitler was forced into hiding in post-war london ?	1
on the surface , their exchanges are trivial and stilted .	1
lando , frustrated with isabel's conservatism and idealism , turns his attention to clara , which irked isabel .	1
an original little film about one young woman's education .	0
the film begins in the fifties , when odete was 21 .	1
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .	0
flawed but riveting , it won't be everyone's cocktail of choice , but if you can suspend disbelief long enough , you'll get a whopping good wallop without the hangover .	0
special agent rachel anderson is charged with protecting a key witness , richard harper .	1
it would seem that nothing is capable of distracting scotty johns from working on his much-anticipated second book .	1
the rules - if one person leaves , everyone loses .	1
nothing like dreaming is a film about a modern-day shaman and his young disciple .	1
when the ultra-strict sister assumpta seizes their artwork one day , the boys embark upon an obsessed trail of revenge that ultimately changes their lives .	1
you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they're each interesting . the movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll .	0
a senior at an elite college ( katie holmes ) , already under severe pressure to complete her thesis and land a prestigious job , must confront the sudden reappearance of her old boyfriend ( charlie hunnam ) , after his two year , unexplained absence . . .	1
after a decade of hidden feelings , divorces and failed relationships , they both finally reveal their true feelings for one another - to find out they both are in love with the other .	1
the warden's attitude starts to change after 8 years , when mitra tries to protect a new inmate from rape at the hands of her older cellmates .	1
the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .	0
watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good .	0
as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children's entertainment . you'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .	0
a haunted , bountiful film that demands patience -- and rewards it .	0
graffiti removal : the act of removing tags and graffiti by painting over them .	1
in the shadow of the casinos , is a world of backroom deals that can end a life over less money than the price of a bus ticket home .	1
the movie is one of the best examples of artful large format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon .	0
in order to help and protect , asterix and obelix accompany the old druid on his journey to egypt .	1
essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality	0
often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , hell house is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed .	0
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience's meat grinder one more time .	0
there's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms isn't it .	0
there are wonderful moments of humor , and demonstrations of humanity , strength , and the resilience of the human spirit .	0
the combination of lightness and strictness in this instance gives italian for beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic .	0
these people , most of whom were american citizens , were taken from their homes and sent to " relocation " camps in desolate , isloated areas .	1
but instead of broadway or movies , her appearances have been limited to industrials and infomercials .	1
 . . . while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey doesn't really go anywhere .	0
ultimately eve struggles with destiny in light of her new found love , rediscovery of homeland , and her sense of life's purpose .	1
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting isn't , either , and you wouldn't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?	0
sent to a german stalag prison camp , lieutenant hart is at once thrust into the social order of pows , where every man thinks of himself first with bribery and trading with german captors commonplace .	1
however , finch also has a dilemma when , after wise words from stifler , stifler's mom and stifler's dad ( played by tim allen ) decide to renew their vows , and get married again .	1
dense and enigmatic . . . elusive . . . stagy and stilted	0
blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .	0
 . . . best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the warren report .	0
i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .	0
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .	0
epic battles , spectacular effects and multiple story lines make the two towers a most excellent middle chapter in the lord of the rings film trilogy .	0
but ralph's got a special talent - an ability to impersonate any hollywood celebrity - the perfect disguise to hide his stutter . . .	1
the movie sticks much closer to hornby's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of high fidelity did .	0
run ronnie run is a heart warming spin-off from the cult hit hbo series " mr .	1
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .	0
the project's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting .	0
now , after five years of calling the shots-on everything from his clothes to his divorce settlements - lucy kelson is calling it quits .	1
the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .	0
in cinemania , hollywood's biggest fans become the true stars .	1
leela is the story of leela , an aware , liberal woman who struggles with the true meaning of independence .	1
he is intelligent and has a sense of humour .	1
told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .	0
the film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously .	0
a punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters .	0
she further finds out her sister was working as a dominatrix at an unusual underground adult establishment in detroit called the playground .	1
as charming , humorous and heimisch as its nomadic subjects .	0
ultimately , the message of trouble every day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life's stasis .	0
 . . . too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying .	0
a unique and irreverent look at new york's cubicle filled sweatshops .	1
successful filmmakers were asked how they balanced a family and a career .	1
the weakest of the four harry potter books has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins .	0
 . . . [the film] works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .	0
a great looking , trippy adventure . i can't wait for the next one .	0
the cooler is bernie lootz ( william h . macy ) , and the cooler is a love story about the changing fortunes of this down-at-heels loser who has made a career out of spreading his virulent bad luck on the floor of las vegas' aging shangri-la casino .	1
john , and world-famous ice skating star , elena , are about to sign divorce papers when they realise that , in spite of everything happening around them , their love is worth fighting for .	1
the balance of the movie shows the revenge of the various wronged parties .	1
little do they know but help is on the way and this friday will get freaky !	1
by taking entertainment tonight subject matter and giving it humor and poignancy , auto focus becomes both gut-bustingly funny and crushingly depressing .	0
the film first relates the journey of afghans refugees fleeing the bombing and war around herat and other cities to take refuge in ill-equipped camps .	1
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based 'drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged .	0
their only solid lead seems to be joanne , a young prostitute , whose own baby provides a link .	1
the filmmakers expose this delightfully deranged cult by capturing the daily lives of its members .	1
after a glamorous--but short-lived--career as a movie star , evans tried out producing .	1
murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy . . .	0
by the end of the day , everybody is nervous and tensions gets high .	1
instead of being the happy father-in-law , shocked jack attempts to kill himself back in las vegas as he realizes patricia's rejection .	1
he is almost to school when a red neck attacks him .	1
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .	0
survivalist carl foster has one year to convince his family he's not crazy and independent filmmaker atis jamison has 365 days to get it all on tape .	1
this is snappy , frothy screwball comedy awash in french understatement .	0
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .	0
no worse than a lot of the crap we've been offered this summer , and slightly better than men in black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies go .	0
a famous psychiatrist ( ty adams ) takes on the job of trying to cure patients at the sedah state hospital , run by it's folksy doctor ( sam delazo ) .	1
at the same time , mickey steals money from an apartment to help himself and carlos to fulfill their ambitions - with tragic consequences .	1
in the burial society , sheldon kasner , an unlikely criminal who works as a bank loan manager , infiltrates the mysterious world of the chevrah kadisha ( the jewish society that prepares bodies for burial according to ancient ritual ) in order to steal a body and fake his own death after mobsters come after him looking for two million dollars that he is accused of having stolen .	1
cedar takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing .	0
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they can't go wrong . better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . an excellent sequel .	0
tyrone gets two men to lift the machine onto the cart , and starts a trek through the city streets , to the cemetery , where the machine ( stripped of its candy and money by street thugs ) acts as a birthday present to his dead brother .	1
is the history of two workers of the trains , a professor and a little child that decide to sequester an old train that has been sold to usa for a movie production .	1
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .	0
chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama .	0
harboring a secret , john guides angela to a shocking realization that will uncover the past .	1
the 57-minute , color documentary feature film , wedding advice : speak now or forever hold your peace , explores contemporary american ambivalence about weddings and marriage .	1
you know that ten bucks you'd spend on a ticket ? just send it to cranky . we don't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .	0
a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .	0
for those willing to risk being made very uncomfortable , this instant cult classic announces the arrival of a distinctive new talent behind the camera .	0
discouraged , and on the point of giving up writing , yun fei meets a young girl who can't see colours , who encourages him to persevere .	1
yet , while all this is going on , sauron's troops mass toward the city of gondor , for the war of the ring is about to begin .	1
diana seeks to escape the wasteland of lies she can't stop telling .	1
davey thinks he's gotten off easy until he meets whitey duvall , the eccentric , elf-like head referee .	1
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation . . . just about as chilling and unsettling as 'manhunter' was .	0
what makes blade 2 marginally better than blade , especially if you thought the first was a hollow spectacle ? it has a plot .	0
vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe ghost ship .	0
their race against the clock to find the precious stones ultimately unravels a plot to distribute a deadly new weapon of war .	1
then there is the unshakable guilt over his past .	1
matt lee has to stay a few steps ahead of his own police force and everyone he's trusted in order to find out the truth .	1
in a generation of individuals , they struggle to choose love .	1
b-type dialogue -- dirty jokes , overly emphatic declarations and other ripe lines -- make the movie camp fun .	0
the story follows their lives as they try to reconcile their differences while world war ii impacts each of them on their lives and finally in old age when they meet again , with the hope that the differences in their youht can finally be reconciled .	1
director rob marshall went out gunning to make a great one .	0
for all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , blood work is a strong , character-oriented piece .	0
the very definition of the 'small' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher .	0
borrows a bit from the classics " wait until dark " and " extremities " . . . but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself .	0
what jones needs , however , is not to be cured - but to be accepted for what and who he is .	1
all right , so it's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .	0
<em>the crocodile hunter : collision course</em> is one of the most unusual movies i've ever seen , but it remains faithful to irwin's appeal , and therefore it works .	0
but early on there are signs of trouble , and lena is prey to suspicions no one else need consider : a new face may be a new kid in town-or a face from the grave .	1
he comes back , calling himself the master , and becomes a charismatic spiritual leader , running a teen shelter in hollywood .	1
singer patricia paradise ( dee wallace stone ) has everything : beauty , fame , success , money . . .	1
flaunts its quirky excesses like a new year's eve drunk sporting a paper party hat .	0
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich .	0
firefighter gordon brewer is plunged into the complex and dangerous world of international terrorism after he loses his wife and child in a bombing credited to claudio " the wolf " perrini .	1
you will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report .	0
despite juliet stevenon's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .	0
an edgy indie-psychological drama about an alluring but mixed-up l . a . girl who flip-flops between facing life's uncertainty under her own direction or " the good life " provided by a wealthy , disturbing middle-aged benefactor .	1
i'm sure if you're a hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself . . . me , i didn't care for it .	0
he must fend off beings that seek to gain control over the mysterious black mass .	1
the journey takes them from the inner city to a satanic black mass ceremony , and into the depths of their own souls , as they search for johann christoph haizmann , the antichrist .	1
will you go ape over this movie ? well , it probably won't have you swinging from the trees hooting it's praises , but it's definitely worth taking a look .	0
sound the trumpets : for the first time since desperately seeking susan , madonna doesn't suck as an actress .	0
in the outback and through the bush with his wife terri's ever-present commentary ringing out over the countryside ( " that was a close one , steve ! " ) , the crocodile hunter is out to save the gorgeous croc and relocate him .	1
mary is an 18-year-old high school senior , and joe , her fianc&#233 ; , is 23 , working hard to get techweb established as an internet consulting firm .	1
now a new terminaor whos has power over all machines , has been sent back to kill him , the terminatrix or t-x ( kristanna loken ) who doesn't require weapons as she has a laser cannon on her hand and is capable of turning herself into machinery .	1
a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .	0
with the help of his roommate , joe and his roommate's girlfriend , bess , peter begins to explore more about himself and his values only to be crushed by those who love him .	1
 in the end , white oleander isn't an adaptation of a novel . it's a flashy , star-splashed reduction .	0
too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience .	0
a light-hearted and high-spirited story , full of spice , sensuality and romance , viva zapato tells the tale of dolores , a beautiful cuban dancer who decides to leave her failing marriage and open a restaurant by the beach with her aunt from brazil .	1
while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth .	0
the result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone .	0
fourteen-year-old misfit farm boy duncan midge ( hirsch ) is trying to cope with his mother's death .	1
the history of psychoanalysis is littered with the discarded psyches of the women whose diagnoses were key to the fame of the great masters .	1
they renege , but a legitimate kidney becomes available for transplant .	1
and while ingrid's gift is to give astrid the power to survive , astrid's gift is to teach her mother about love .	1
massoud's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history .	0
a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney .	0
nгo encanta como 'o rei leгo' nem diverte como 'a nova onda do imperador' , mas ao menos nгo cansa como 'atlantis : o reino perdido' .	0
new hampshire , 1972 : will murphy , fledgling restaurant mogul , amateur lounge singer and go-go bar owner is stumbling after his own version of the american dream .	1
a young man is struggling to get over harmful memories from his childhood , but while doing so discovers a technique that allows him to travel back in time and occupy his childhood body changing his history forever .	1
what saves it . . . and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .	0
on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it weren't such a clever adaptation of the bard's tragic play .	0
handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism .	0
ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose madonna .	0
johnny knoxville and his crazy friends appear on the big screen for the very first time in jackass : the movie .	1
a virus has scaped in a secret facility called " the hive " turning all researchers into hungry zombies and releasing their mutated lab " animals " that they were studying .	1
the ring is worth a look , if you don't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment .	0
this sets off a minor battle between the two for control of the fish supply .	1
though the bosses killed his father , he is loyal to them and is considered family .	1
the teamster's union goes on strike against overnite transportation , a nationwide freight company that has resisted unionization .	1
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .	0
the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .	0
solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts .	0
traffics in the kind of prechewed racial clichйs that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill .	0
 . . . a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that's likely to irk viewers .	0
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to 'special effects' by way of replacing objects in a character's hands below the camera line , " besotted " is misbegotten	0
phileine is a super-bitch traveling to new york to visit her boyfriend maxto say sorry , for the first time in her life , for the argument the two of them were having before he left .	1
it's then up to mining engineer chris mccormack and sheriff sam parker to mobilize an eclectic group of townspeople , including the sheriff's young son , mike , her daughter , ashley and paranoid radio announcer harlan , into battle against the bloodthirsty eight-legged beasts .	1
once upon a time , in a tiny french village , little reinalda had dreams of a bright future on the stage - being one half of a singing , dancing musical troupe with her father .	1
as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done . but , for that , why not watch a documentary ?	0
tranquilino , the grand grand father looked at the eyes of the coyote , since then the horror of a crime and the hell of being unable to sleep will chase them .	1
this case made history in the new jersey judicial system and these teenagers ( who , at the time , were between the ages of 14 and 16 ) were the first in the state to be tried and convicted as adults .	1
a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man . . . about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .	0
or so he thinks until the blackmailer pulls a u-turn on rodney .	1
it's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .	0
'nine dead gay guys' is the outrageous but hilarious result of the ensuing caper as the lads begin the search for the elusive bed .	1
measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .	0
they fight with glass plates , staple guns , light bulbs , fire and other homemade weapons .	1
an impressively coordinated enterprise that lasts three hours , manages a large cast , and covers a period of 30-odd years while successfully unfolding as a series of scenes from the life of a single character .	0
feelings he interprets with his five senses reflect the emotions of others , not his own .	1
a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film .	0
zero , who , like many hong kong youngsters , has a handful of unsteady jobs .	1
kissing jessica stein is your standard romantic comedy , only better : twice the chicks and half the guys .	0
all social structures break down and a new world order emerges from the heart of the desert .	1
mitch doesn't particular like the idea , especially working with his new partner trey sellars ( eddie murphy ) , a cop who spends much of his time mugging for the cameras mounted inside the car he shares with mitch .	1
nicole goes through the ordeal of communist prisons , conflicts and risky activities , and manages to provide a heartening example for the other inmates .	1
aside from stumbling over some clunky visual metaphors guzmбn does a decent job of telling a story many outside chile simply don't know .	0
provide[s] nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue .	0
one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .	0
joanna , a young wife and mother , moves from manhattan to the upper-class suburb of stepford , connecticut .	1
 . . . [a] strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense .	0
not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it .	0
arrives in the form of the beautiful lynn ( shu qi ) .	1
the planet however is populated by murderous psychopaths who kill two of the astronauts right away .	1
you can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer . thumbs down .	0
as the investigation continues , catherine is forced to choose between her past passions and new possibilities , even as handler is discovering surprising new facts about embry and his possible connection to another disappearance from campus .	1
older brothers and a brother-in-law are in his way .	1
it questions whether we really live in a world that can be divided neatly into black hats and white hats . and anyway , it wonders , is the guy in the black hat always wrong ?	0
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .	0
leading his army of women into the surrounding mountain glens , dionysus casts a spell on the city's females , who abandon their husbands and fathers in order to engage in forbidden revels .	1
holmes</a> was the worlds best known male actor in the adult industry .	1
should appeal to more than just hardcore hip-hop fans .	0
the controversial bad-boy of comedy delivers a piercing look at his life , lifting the metaphorical smokescreen that he feels has clouded the public view , commenting on everything from the dangers of smoking to the trials of relationships , and unleashing a nonstop litany of raucous anecdotes , stinging social commentary and very personal reflections about life .	1
this means that he is able to speak/understand snakes .	1
as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them .	0
from his first hand accounts of the ( wonderland murders aka woodland murders ) .	1
when his only friend and co-worker dies , a young man born with dwarfism moves to an abandoned train depot in rural new jersey .	1
chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america .	0
the story follows a university of texas professor , dr . david gale , an advocate for the abolishment of capital punishment , who is falsly convicted of rape and murder of another activist .	1
a wonderful , low-key coming-of-age saga with none of that after-school special hysteria .	0
neither of them seem able to disrupt or end their oddly comforting , creepy codependent relationship .	1
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .	0
like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest . it can't escape its past , and it doesn't want to .	0
a static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes .	0
it's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides .	0
claude chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but that's okay .	0
based on an acclaimed 1935 novel about the war of liberation ( 1918-1920 ) that ensured estonia's independence , the film tells about a group of young schoolboys heading to the front to fight the army of soviet russia .	1
viewers of barney's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .	0
new best friend shouldn't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a mystery science theater 3000 video .	0
it's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .	0
he fails to win eve's heart and is consequently dejected .	1
the far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past .	0
part travelogue , part road picture , part meditation on class , mortality and intimacy , this extraordinary little movie might be the perfect harbinger of summer , as astute as it is steamy .	0
a gracefully acted , unsentimental , quite likable little coming-of-age movie .	0
lee holloway is a smart , quirky woman in her twenties who returns to her hometown in florida after a brief stay in a mental hospital .	1
semi-improvised on the streets of liverpool , dan reed's drama brings the true face of britain's underworld to light .	1
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer . as the mediterranean sparkles , 'swept away' sinks .	0
the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .	0
