when the professor turns up missing , one of his students , jake whitcomb , finds the professor's journal , inside of which is a copy of the map .	1
rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as monsoon wedding .	0
the pace of the film is very slow ( for obvious reasons ) and that too becomes off-putting .	0
director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we haven't seen 10 , 000 times .	0
desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats .	0
leela is a true reflection of how the south asian-american community is beginning to emerge , blend , and influence the mainstream american culture in its own exquisite ways .	1
it could change america , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment .	0
rio danisworo ( marcellius siahaan ) is a rigid " all about business " young profesional .	1
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it's offensive , but that it's boring .	0
soon the evil boss learns about sienna's affair with kilabot and kidnaps her to exact revenge .	1
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .	0
the deeper john digs , the clearer the mothman's purpose arises - only to leave his life in immediate danger , as it seems .	1
you know you're in for a good ol' popcorn-munching time when the movie's tagline is a bad pun on the title of a piece of fine literature .	0
death to smoochy is often very funny , but what's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito's misanthropic vision .	0
but things go very wrong when he tries this scheme on the jennings family , in part because their daughter abby is asthmatic , and in part because the jennings' find out more than hickley wants them to know .	1
cho's latest comic set isn't as sharp or as fresh as i'm the one that i want . . . but it's still damn funny stuff .	0
beth's style is further cramped by the responsibilities of single motherhood .	1
when rebecca went away to college john thought webcams would help them keep in touch .	1
when jason sees a movie preview of his story , he and best friend kaylee ( amanda bynes ) go to los angeles to make wolf confess to using jason's story as well as to clear jason's name and to get him out of having to attend summer school .	1
a newscaster for the channel 7 eyewitness news complains about how god has only made his life a total waste .	1
that the chuck norris " grenade gag " occurs about 7 times during windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is .	0
when a shoulder injury ended his minor league pitching career twelve years ago , jim morris resorted to the next best thing : coaching .	1
a chained to a rock finnish sniper-kamikadze wille managed to set himself free .	1
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .	0
of course , this isn't the best idea , since it involves sneaking into gun-nut carl's house in the middle of the night .	1
because he is in debt , dewey poses as his roommate , a substitute teacher , and gets a job teaching a 4th grade class .	1
steve quickly discovers that burt cannot even provide temporary lodging , but an administrator at his new high school directs him to a shelter for runaway kids where he soon learns to navigate his way .	1
uneven but ultimately appealing satire of the dreck we call white man's rap music . some good performances and an often goofy script make for a generally good time .	0
forgotten in the nearby camp of maslakh ( slaughterhouse ) 150 , 000 displaced afghans hardly survive .	1
the principals in this cast are all fine , but bishop and stevenson are standouts .	0
how i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you're watching an iceberg melt -- only it never melts .	0
tim plans to spend his 21st birthday at his scottish estate with eight of his closest friends .	1
he confesses to committing a series of particularly horrifying murders of exclusively female victims .	1
when he arrive she finds that his cousin has lied and that he lives in a flat above a shop with illegals etc . however he sets out to be a film star and auditions for a role that he gets .	1
he feels he is only an instrument of their greed .	1
it's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who can't come up with legitimate funny , and it's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed .	0
about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .	0
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director's previous films .	0
sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .	0
beers , who , when she's given the right lines , can charm the paint off the wall . . . [but] the script goes wrong at several key junctures .	0
harry , it turns out , is a parsel-tongue .	1
while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course . . . director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .	0
sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness . but what is missing from it all is a moral . what is the filmmakers' point ? why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?	0
smart science fiction for grown-ups , with only a few false steps along the way .	0
this may be burns's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .	0
though it is by no means his best work , laissez-passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them .	0
erin , who we discover is a master manipulator of the men in the gang , reveals another side to jack - a melancholy romantic who could have been a classical pianist .	1
this is the story of a pot-smoking , free-wheeling los angeles record producer ( mcdormand ) , with a rock star boyfriend ( nivola ) , whose straight-laced son ( bale ) comes back home after graduation from harvard medical school with his rich fianc&#233 ; ( beckinsale ) , who's working on a book .	1
there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .	0
their one song rarely - if ever - gets played on the radio .	1
pronounced cured , she became a psychoanalyst herself and , within eight years , was practising alongside the founding fathers .	1
bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .	0
he follows a new suspect , huh , and eventually catches him in the act of brutally murdering a woman in a crowded techno bar .	1
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .	0
the time constraints of his job prevent him from spending time with his family and friends .	1
offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .	0
i didn't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot .	0
chapman is on trial for a murder of latin american villagers while he was in the marines .	1
jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .	0
when he arrives he finds that the cousin has been missing for your years , leaving behind a wife and five daughters living in a small town full of secrets of blackmail and murder .	1
pauly then fakes his own death , and the media goes crazy .	1
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it's icky .	0
shae is about to return to bed when she hears water running in the bathroom .	1
when max's performance is no competition for producers' nephews and bigger " names , " his only option is to cripple the competition - literally .	1
frodo and sam take gollum prisoner and continue on to mordor on the mission to destroy the one ring .	1
the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all can't stand .	0
pan nalin's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .	0
part travelogue , part road picture , part meditation on class , mortality and intimacy , this extraordinary little movie might be the perfect harbinger of summer , as astute as it is steamy .	0
it has the charm of the original american road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker's motherland .	0
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .	0
like mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well .	0
in a time when a woman's place was in the home , young emily ventures out and falls in love with a young soldier , eventually carrying his baby out of wedlock .	1
too bad kramer couldn't make a guest appearance to liven things up .	0
in an alternate space and time , a mythological being called the guardian is charged with manipulating and protecting dark matter .	1
nine good teeth reveals many of the common truths hidden away in all our families , as well as the unexpected - late night visits from jack kerouac , illicit love affairs and the occasional murder .	1
pero alargando la mano ya no consiguen dinero suficiente y salva decide aprovechar el ambiente general y hacerse pasar por un nuevo mes&#237 ; as .	1
burns' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .	0
while there prove to be a lot of pitches to be thrown before he makes it off the mound , big-league dreams are revived , and there's no telling where he could go .	1
moments of compassion and kindness circulate within a mounting concern for individual survival .	1
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we don't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament .	0
an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story .	0
might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .	0
edi is severely punished for that but he accepts his fate taking care of the girl's child .	1
everyone involved starts getting killed , with mitchell being the next in line .	1
throughout nearly a decade she experiences forbidden love , religion , near-death experiences , drugs , starvation , and how it feels to be loved .	1
ratliff deserves high marks for his restraint and willingness not to try and shape or mold our opinion regarding what is being shown .	0
the jokes sometimes fall flat , but the weirdness and darkening of tone make for quirky fun .	0
how do a man who has never loved and a woman who refused to ever love again deal with the fact that they are meant to be together ?	1
gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .	0
this 'blonde goddess' , however , left her career at its peak to devote herself to a life of meditation and religious devotion , in the mountains of rio de janeiro .	1
harboring a secret , john guides angela to a shocking realization that will uncover the past .	1
more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology . . .	0
the impact of the armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day .	0
as he struggles to achieve social success , he discovers his darker side .	1
before his very eyes on the store tv monitor , he sees his pick come up as the winning numbers for $50-million !	1
smith's approach is never to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes .	0
she is married to henry bauford ( linus roache ) son of a wealthy british industrialist , when she encounters nick callahan ( clive owen ) a renegade doctor , whose impassioned plea for help to support his relief efforts in war-torn africa moves her deeply .	1
nicklas lives a pretty normal teenage life , until one day , not far from graduation , when a gangster from his school beats him up .	1
but when the cockettes flew to new york city to appear off broadway^&#197 ; well , you'll just have to see what happened when new yorkers took a look at them .	1
[allen's] best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be .	0
if myers decides to make another austin powers movie , maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil .	0
destined to make allen's fans around the world giggle , guffaw and shiver with delight .	0
a violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for angelique , the [opening] dance guarantees karmen's enthronement among the cinema's memorable women .	0
a full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution .	0
'the count of monte cristo' is a remake of the alexander dumas tale by the same name .	1
but lulu is newly single and the last thing she needs is a man in her life .	1
he fails to win eve's heart and is consequently dejected .	1
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .	0
klein ischgl actually turns out to be a stone-age-like townlet ( 9 inhabitants ) up the mountain , and t&#252 ; rlichs grandfather , who runs the place , even resists to electricity and indoor plumbing .	1
glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts , makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism .	0
inside the breathtaking structure , they discover wondrous artifacts of an advanced , but long dead , civilization .	1
short stories revolving around a bar and a hotel in recife , unveil a mosaic of exotic characters living in the brazilian underground : a butcher married with an evangelical woman , a necrophile in love with a bar owner , a transvestite , and many others .	1
 a thought-provoking look at how western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures .	0
serry perfectly captures the peculiar climate , creating uncanny echoes with today's situation .	0
when the singing veggies encounter some car trouble , they're stranded at old , rundown seafood joint where nothing is quite as it seems .	1
it's steps , a film that draws its inspiration from the marx brother to monty python and it was done on such a shoe-string budget , it would make a studio executive blush .	1
this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .	0
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story .	0
katie is a young girl who loves to climb .	1
easily stands alongside such throat-clutching classics of cinematic political action as z and the battle of algiers .	0
his songs were once well thought of , but the music business clearly has changed .	1
based on the classic sci-fi novel by h . g . wells , " the time machine " stars guy pearce in the role of scientist and inventor , alexander hartdegen , who is determined to prove that time travel is possible .	1
newcomer helmer kevin donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept Ц a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .	0
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .	0
mi yun and kang have difficulty working with each other , as their personalities and working methods are constantly in conflict .	1
set against the bright lights of manhattan , a tale which takes a comic , urbane look at the modern male ego at war in the singles scene trenches .	1
caso vocк sinta necessidade de sair da sala antes do tйrmino da projeзгo , nгo se preocupe : ninguйm lhe enviarб penas simbolizando covardia .	0
the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) .	0
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr . drew barrymore .	0
a profoundly moving document . . . the filmmakers' refusal to downplay the situation's intractability makes the glimmer of hope the film offers that much more powerful .	0
in a bid to regain control of her life , ella goes on a quest to free herself from this mysterious curse .	1
as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .	0
the deeper matt runs into the forest the farther his mind is lost to the blackwoods .	1
there's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .	0
majidi's direction has never been smoother or more confident .	0
twenty-two year old steve is on top of the world .	1
bret packard is the best baseball player in the world .	1
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage .	0
the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann .	0
it is only natural that only the most violent and powerful survive " the shu " .	1
when he wakes up the morning after his bachelor party in bed with a strange woman ( stiles ) , a man ( lee ) presumes he must have cheated on his fiancee .	1
the son of zamindar narayan mukherjee , devdas ( shahrukh khan ) was born with a silver spoon in his mouth .	1
rodney boland is a professional hit man who " services " politicians and their wealthy backers .	1
the best way to describe it is as a cross between paul thomas anderson's magnolia and david lynch's mulholland dr .	0
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards .	0
only a man so afraid of his world is capable of building a device to change it .	1
they are the only men who are allowed to kill .	1
having sought and found refuge within this ancient religious society , sheldon finds himself captivated by this unusual and powerful world and the three old men who run it .	1
like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it's never too late to learn .	0
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .	0
as they struggle to get out of the country and fight to stay alive , they find a special love and compassion from which emerges their ultimate moral and spiritual redemption .	1
the movie mixes the personal life of the ancestors of this man as well as historical moments for m&#233 ; xico such as the reform war , the mexican revolution , etc . arc&#225 ; ngel can't sleep .	1
when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .	0
much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .	0
with her birthday fast approaching , she must decide whether or not to keep the promise she made to herself over a decade earlier : quit the music business at 40 if she hasn't made it by then .	1
in the heat of the moment dante blames lucy saying , " you never wanted this baby .	1
ozpetek succeeds in portraying small nuances that demonstrate the stages of love -- unrequited or blossoming -- and in showcasing the family structure created by a group of people who have been rejected for one reason or another .	0
a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind .	0
this is especialy true when he makes a special connection at a hollywood industry party .	1
at the right time of day , in the right frame of mind , baran can and should be appreciated as a work of delicate and unmistakable beauty .	0
immediately they are further sent to romulus , where a new praetor , shinzon , a half-reman cloned from captain picard , appears to want peace with the federation .	1
born in eastern europe , tobias grew up in poverty , the son of a thief , beggar and prostitute .	1
tension mounts , and as the cops arrive , morgan is growing impatient .	1
what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week's issue of variety .	0
godard has pared down his extravagances into a densely concentrated , resonant simplicity .	0
annie , an alluring lady , catches the eye of old widower leoncio .	1
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france's most inventive directors .	0
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .	0
it is as if he has suddenly discovered his love of fatherhood .	1
they create a new day care facility called " daddy day care " and have kids like : the smart-mouthed-but-became-polite crispin ( shane baumel ) , the really-smart becca ( hailey noelle johnson ) , and the flash/tony ( jimmy bennett ) .	1
in adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns .	0
during his tenure , he was responsible for such revolutionary films as the godfather , rosemary's baby , love story , the odd couple , harold and maude and chinatown .	1
his model girl friend ( anne marie johnson ) immediately leaves him .	1
when the apocalypse arrives , it takes the form of a bio-chemical virus , contaminating the cities , mountains , and shorelines .	1
it would seem that nothing is capable of distracting scotty johns from working on his much-anticipated second book .	1
filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .	0
theology aside , why put someone who ultimately doesn't learn at the center of a kids' story ?	0
and while bruce is getting everything he wants , he has been ignoring his girlfriend , grace and loses her .	1
he gathers a following and becomes a rock star only to find that his music awakens the ancient queen akasha and she wants him to become her king . . .	1
after the death of a " mucker " and two others opposing her sect , the local authorities decide to act against her and her followers .	1
her young son dies , her marriage to max is ruined , and her lover is in fact dangerous in his jealousy and mad rage , but no matter what the consequences - his subversive spirit lives inside her , forms her , obsesses her .	1
all of her hard work pays off when she is accepted to a prominent dance program in new york .	1
chance is a black comedy about how hard it is to find " the one " .	1
the film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when carvey's saturday night live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment .	0
just when we think we have a grasp on each character's inner-motives , more characters get sucked into the fray altering everyone's dynamic and the course of april's " perfect " shower .	1
people are becoming petrified , and no-one knows what is doing it .	1
henceforth , he will meet with unexpected situations that give him the idea for the perfect counterpoint in his plot of the absurd .	1
big yard operates a child smuggling ring and 'superbob' must save dante or lose his son forever .	1
determined not to let this opportunity slip by , she vows to act on that information right away .	1
she's desperately on the prowl for a man , but since she's more mouse than cat , she get's herself into scrape after scrape in her screwball pursuit of love .	1
till the end of time , they will stay that way .	1
harry , a world-weary career criminal masquerading as a priest , takes to the road with escaped convict nate and his jailbait girlfriend angel .	1
gigli , a lowly and inept hitman , is assigned a job by the mob to kidnap a mentally retarded brother of a california district attorney .	1
what's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .	0
a rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love .	0
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .	0
welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst .	0
unlike most reunion stories that climax with a clich&#233 ; happy ending , daughter from danang is a real-life drama .	1
his dreams seemingly become shattered as caroline is married and has a daughter .	1
a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .	0
diana seeks to escape the wasteland of lies she can't stop telling .	1
davey stone , a 33-year old party animal , finds himself in trouble with the law after his wild ways go too far .	1
primarily , the audience is wealthy , bored executives .	1
mystery inc . ( daphne , fred , velma , shaggy , and scooby doo ) has broken up ; on the grounds of who has been solving their cases .	1
this movie is more fun than many of those tall tales that hollywood calls feature films .	0
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didn't try to .	0
henrik meets the mysterious bag lady , who gives him a pair of magic shoes that make him dance like a dream .	1
beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce . . . lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .	0
the lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary .	0
leave it to rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago .	0
can't kick about the assembled talent and the russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers . still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral .	0
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession Ц one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .	0
viewers of " the ring " are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes .	0
the respective charms of sandra bullock and hugh grant have worn threadbare .	0
measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .	0
louis is a struggling painter whose life is turned upside down when his wish comes true and he becomes trapped in his own paintings .	1
red and the boys embark on a road trip across the country , en route to a duct tape festival in the usa , where they intend to win first prize by creating a sculpture made of at least 50% duct tape .	1
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies' end you'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .	0
the story really has no place to go since simone is not realЧshe can't provide any conflict .	0
in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .	0
it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg's film is that it truly is romance	0
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you're on the edge of your seat .	0
holmes</a> was the worlds best known male actor in the adult industry .	1
as a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it doesn't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions .	0
an efficient , exceedingly likable family film about orphans and sports that comes with equal doses of sentimentality , corny jokes and life lessons .	0
there's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .	0
there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer . just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .	0
moreover , he strongly believes in moulding his students by using principles .	1
slim , otis , frank and alex ( three boys and a girl ) form a group of snowboard and skate young bank robbers .	1
guru gulab leaves india for america and comes to stay in the neighbourhood of dr . anmol acharya ( aftab shivdasani ) .	1
for the most part , i spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphy's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies .	0
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .	0
it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde's classic satire .	0
ultimately , quinn rescues tasha from the hands of another assassin and takes her into his protection .	1
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .	0
the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs .	0
twists are so bizarre , and the story so worth documenting , that it's easy to forget this film's shortcomings .	0
she's willing to put him through just about anything to " cure " him of t . s . , with pills , counseling , electro-shock therapy , etc . mom's also concerned about finn's future - who will care for him ?	1
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichйs and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .	0
this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that's as entertaining as it is instructive .	0
it takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding .	0
[diaz] can blunder into the crudest situations with such sweet innocence as to inspire giggles rather than groans .	0
lucy tries to forget about tracy , and continue her friendship with dante , leaving the affair behind , but to no avail when she discovers she is pregnant .	1
this gently retro story of a young morman missionary in the pacific islands of tonga loses some wholesomeness points due to some smug insularity .	0
after many years of sleeping in his coffin , the vampire lestat awakens only to find that the world has changed and he wants to be a part of it .	1
it's like an all-star salute to disney's cheesy commercialism .	0
he's lost his super powers , and it will take all of bachelorman's skill and cunning to get his lois lane back .	1
as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .	0
this is a story about the warm relationship between a little girl and her father despite the difficult conditions they have to live in .	1
nearly surreal , dabbling in french , this is no simple movie , and you'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it . i enjoyed the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and ultimate theme .	0
a murder in the camp gives him the chance to set a risky plan in motion .	1
k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .	0
lejos del paraнso es al mismo tiempo una fiesta para los ojos y oнdos y un movilizador cuadro de personajes enfrentados a sus propios deseos , miedos y prejuicios .	0
landon ( west ) hung with the in-crowd an aimless , moody , reckless guy who breezed through school on looks and bravado and had no plans , no future and no faith in himself .	1
the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .	0
by the final whistle you're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just doesn't have big screen magic .	0
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .	0
if no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch .	0
offers a gentle summer fantasy for both grown-ups and little ones .	0
women prisoners strike up a friendship with a young law student who works as a part-time prison guard .	1
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .	0
danny is antagonized by undercover narcotics agents ( anthony lapaglia and doug hutchison ) and sadistic dealer pooh bear ( vincent d'onfronio ) .	1
we get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of americana that hollywood couldn't possibly fictionalize and be believed .	0
the case is re-opened when two more bodies are discovered , both pregnant women .	1
exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes .	0
offers a quieter version of the midlife-crisis roller coaster .	0
meena , a 12-year-old living in a mining village in the english midlands in 1972 , is the daughter of indian parents who've come to england to give her a better life .	1
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .	0
the correspondence between spielrein , freud and jung discovered that day in the geneva basement has become essential to understanding the evolution of psychoanalysis ^&#214 ; and the virtually insurmountable challenges facing women who sought to contribute in any role other than that of patient .	1
when lapd computer expert peter fowler investigates the killing of an old man in chinatown , he finds the only witness is his dog , cho cho .	1
it is the story of ronwell quincy dobbs ( david cross ) , who has a unique talent for getting arrest .	1
things go from bad to worse for the drummer when it comes to his attention that he is being hunted down for execution as a deserter .	1
re-formed by a coded message to their web site , a group of animal rights activists set off to free an imprisoned colleague from a terrifying ordeal .	1
if an oscar category existed for ensemble acting , the hours would unquestionably earn it . watching a trio of actors at the top of their game is a delight .	0
arvasu prepares to marry outside his brahmin caste - but for this , according to the tribal custom , he has to present himself before nittilai's village elders .	1
but zamindar narayan mukherjee ( vijay crishna ) , devdas' father , met paro's mother sumitra's ( kiran kher ) marriage proposal with condescending arrogance .	1
after baptizing their amnesiac boy-toy chris , the infamous pair takes him on a grand tour of their wild nightlife frolic , their spontaneous media extravaganza and their dazzling diva lifestyle in order to help him find his identity and his way home .	1
jacki ( gina gershon ) , sexy punk rocker and lead singer of the all-girl band clamdandy , is at a crossroads .	1
every single scene conveys a significant and concise narrative development , yet does so in an unassuming , patient fashion that emphasizes detail .	0
ranks with such films as in the bedroom , ordinary people , and terms of endearment in the sensitivity with which it observes the effect a child's death on the remaining members of the family .	0
whenever you think you've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . but , no , we get another scene , and then another . you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .	0
it is compelling to be exposed to a film as bluntly honest and yet as paradoxically ordinary as last orders .	0
this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs . there can be no other explanation . hilariously inept and ridiculous .	0
shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that's something i would rather live in denial about	0
he meets up with the country bears , a long-since broken-up band , a parody of bands like the eagles .	1
moore's performance impresses almost as much as her work with haynes in 1995's safe .	0
guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .	0
she may not be real , but the laughs are .	0
finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original .	0
the case gets more complicated , when even the police themselves appear to become suspects in the murders .	1
here , in the smallest quietest corner of new england unfolds a disquieting tale of what happens when music meets murder . . .	1
her dream fades away - until she discovers that the money was hidden in the heel .	1
it's " best in show " meets " strictly ballroom " via " kids in the hall " .	1
making matters worse , vince is having trouble discerning reality from memory .	1
she frequently offers her hospitality to a 16-year-old prostitute , gr&#233 ; goire , a young man who became her friend .	1
filippo , the official translator , believes in her innocence , and conceives a plan for her escape .	1
a documentary , this film , co-produced by several countries finally became reality .	1
because of his shame , bobby undergoes a type of 'splitting' where a decrepit , ghoulish version of him is separated from his healthy self .	1
there starts a dangerous game where the two teenagers that graham is protecting will be implied .	1
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired . the performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie .	0
the angel has already gotten to her and taken her into hiding .	1
the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .	0
a kinetic drama that seems to wander aimlessly , beautifully until it crashes in an odd anti-climax befitting reality itself .	0
from the creative mind of pulizter winner dave barry , comes a film following a chain of events inspired by the arrival of a mysterious suitcase in miami .	1
chandramukhi , a stunning courtesan instantly lost her heart to devdas .	1
but billy's not into him ^&#214 ; he's in love with sonny , a musician into sm .	1
perhaps no greater example yet exists of the beauty achievable when one is a master of the digital aesthetic .	0
young cop kong yat hong ( karen mok ) and her partner mark are put on the case .	1
the fortune-teller's mentally retarded nephew , who comes to hear the prophesy , follows the girl .	1
along the way , they get tips from various experts , which include performances from george kennedy , tippi hedren , erick avari , and stephen furst .	1
the police investigation that followed - led by detectives sam nico ( ted levine ) , louis cruz ( frankie g . ) and mike peters ( m . c .	1
based on a philip k . dick short story , minority report is about a cop in the future working in a division of the police department that arrests killers before they commit the crimes courtesy of some future viewing technology .	1
but when the substitute institutes some strange redefinitions of naughty and nice , putting christmas at risk , it's up to scott to return with a new bag of magic to try to save christmas .	1
the unluckiest man in vegas ( william h . macy ) - a guy whose bad luck is contagious - is used by the last of the old time mob run casinos to kill high rollers' action .	1
told from the point of view from archie ( qualls ) , a comic book collector , this is the story of a rivalry between two comic book shop owners .	1
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .	0
time changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets	0
charlie decides it's time to take action to recover his lost love : he secretly befriends her new boyfriend and attempts to sabotage their relationship by introducing temptation , mistrust - and jennifer . . .	1
little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its summer x games .	0
frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music .	0
connie sumner has a loving husband , a beautiful home , and a wonderful son , but she wants more .	1
one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .	0
if we don't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get .	0
will rachel be able to protect harper and prove who has really been planting the bombs ?	1
davis' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .	0
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title . . . amounts to surprisingly little .	0
not a bad way to spend a couple of hours .	0
does what a fine documentary does best : it extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively .	0
a young korean war veteran returns home to find his parents have died and his wife has left him for another man .	1
anything anyone tells her to do , she must obey .	1
the movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design .	0
the techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are chan and hewitt , but when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff , we can't recommend anything but a rental for the tuxedo .	0
craig and day day have finally moved out of their parents houses and into their own crib .	1
if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .	0
mnemosyne bears witness to the forces of destruction as well as of creation , revealing through art , the multi-dimensionality of women .	1
to his surprise , he makes it , but now the real challenge begins - to cease being jamal and start new life as juwanna .	1
it's often faintly amusing , but the problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never takes hold .	0
nothing is what it seems , and no one will be the same again , as the truth begins to surface in very dangerous circumstances .	1
left in the care of erica and his doctor ( reeves ) , a love triangle starts to take shape .	1
he faces the hostility and malice of the modern world .	1
 " catch me " feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .	0
like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again .	0
in keeping with the holiday spirit , the judge gives davey one last chance at redemption-spend the holiday performing community service as the assistant referee for the youth basketball league or go to jail .	1
amongst the excitement of rediscovering old friendships , no one minds that a snowstorm has cut them off from the rest of the outside world .	1
more than the last time around , it has elements that might help divert those bigger people who find themselves unavoidably in attendance .	0
a recent favourite at sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of def leppard's pyromania .	0
hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people .	0
five screenwriters are credited with the clichй-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before .	0
the acting alone is worth the price of admission .	0
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .	0
the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make .	0
her short visit awakens a romance that cannot go outside the island .	1
twists of fate along the way test and strain their relationship even further .	1
when he finds out she is gay he starts to do his homework .	1
craig is an older , average-looking man who isn't handling aging well .	1
it's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .	0
has all the poignancy of a hallmark card and all the comedy of a gallagher stand-up act .	0
on his way he gets again and again into situations of obsessive self-uncovering .	1
along the way , they discover a sinister conspiracy that reaches to the police department and even the highest level of government .	1
together they set off from minneapolis to duluth on what they think will be a redemptive and romantic road trip to the north shore .	1
he lives in a motor garage with his six friends .	1
'loosely based on a true love story' is a romantic comedy starring kate hudson as emma and luke wilson as alex . alex is an author whose writer's block and gambling debts have landed him in a jam .	1
as the geological fracture deepens and widens , the european community begins to disassociate itself from the calamity , and panic ensues among tourists and residents attempting to escape .	1
when their house is robbed on christmas eve they team up to track him down .	1
adding to the situation is a killer hurricane bearing down on the island .	1
it may not be art , but it's vastly more entertaining than anything coppola senior has done in far too long .	0
true love is right around the corner as long as he doesn't lose sight of what he's looking for .	1
it's at this point that he buys a pirate record whose magical powers bring him the success he's longed for .	1
the movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .	0
this amiable picture talks tough , but it's all bluster -- in the end it's as sweet as greenfingers . . .	0
the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies . . . but the film suffers from its own difficulties .	0
starry-eyed forest ranger , jackie , rescues the hunk of her dreams from a cliff side motorcycle accident .	1
grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length	0
jackson , a cute , lanky , blue-haired poet who works in a record store , is at the center of everett lewis' twisted black la comedy .	1
the film uses chapman's own unseen personal papers and unpublished memoirs in order to recreate his years at cambridge university , medical school , the monty python years , his struggles with alcohol , his ground-breaking stance on homosexuality , his exploits with john cleese , keith moon , harry nilsson , ringo starr , and his untimely death at age 48 , of cancer .	1
sumo is not only the national sport of japan but a centuries-old cultural treasure that is literally part of the shinto religion .	1
the only thing that can help him is a very expensive operation , an operation their family can in no way afford .	1
a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho's fans .	0
he falls in love with christine and wants her for his own , but she only has eyes for raoul viscount de chagny .	1
and although billy doesn't want jackson , two other guys do : derek , a clean-cut record store customer , and sam , the straight record store owner .	1
the five main characters are 20-year-olds who are close friends and always hang out together at each others' homes and at their favorite coffeehouse .	1
to portray modern women the way director davis has done is just unthinkable .	0
i'll go out on a limb . it isn't quite one of the worst movies of the year . it's just merely very bad .	0
crazy jones is the story of finnigan jones , a depressed , semi-suicidal leaf-blower with tourette's syndrome ( t . s . ) .	1
when she's approached one day by a handsome stranger while trying to hail a taxi , she becomes obsessed with him and eventually starts an affair .	1
in mid-1970s savannah , two bright but rebellious boys , francis doyle and tim sullivan , fight boredom , hormones and harsh teachers as they struggle to find something meaningful beyond the walls of their parish school .	1
it's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .	0
rousing throwback and up-to-the-minute satire , chicago puts the " all " in all that jazz .	0
on the very day lizzy finds out she's pregnant , she also finds herself the unwitting subject of a twisted television expos&#233 ; perpetrated by the new world standard of unethical journalism : hardcore action news .	1
shot on wide screen digibeta , sendak with his night kitchen theater partner , arthur yorinks and pilobolus artistic directors robby barnett , michael tracy , and jonathan wolken shows us the tenacity and wit that drive the creative process when serious artists work together .	1
now , when angered , he turns into a massive green behemoth with the mind of a child .	1
this could be lizzy's only chance to start a new life and recreate the family she tragically lost as a child .	1
the two meet after years of separation when clara returns to the barrio to visit her father , roman ( ricky davao ) .	1
by abstracting and showing extreme details and connecting routines with themes and emotions , liesbeth worm gives a whole new perspective on day to day life .	1
the very definition of the 'small' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher .	0
they do this by planning india's biggest bank heist and then de-camping with the loot .	1
it soon becomes obvious that blossom , bubbles , and buttercup are not normal girls , they have superpowers and have not yet learned to control .	1
 . . . the movie is just a plain old monster .	0
susie is obsessed about losing weight , thus being " bonita " and not " gorda " - the two keywords in the original spanish title .	1
michael , an obessive compulsive real estate dealer who enjoys " the younger set . "	1
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .	0
visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality .	0
the characters are never more than sketches . . . which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .	0
muccino is honest in the emotional damage left by his immature men and passionate in his portraits of twentysomething commitment-phobes struggling against growing up .	0
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing .	0
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .	0
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy .	0
personal velocity ought to be exploring these women's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces .	0
eddie is investigated and forced to exile himself from his family until the matter is dealt with .	1
 " one hell of a christmas " is a dark and action packed comedy that takes place in a modern city as well as in a fearful underworld .	1
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia's true emotions . . . but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking .	0
in scope , ambition and accomplishment , children of the century . . . takes kurys' career to a whole new level .	0
a film worthy of comparison to truffaut's best cinematic poems .	0
then after rumers spread that he was a communist he was blacklisted from hollywood forever .	1
considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well .	0
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous . it's a masterpeice .	0
he's fascinated by a candy machine , and asks his mother for money , but she refuses .	1
the director's twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship ( most notably wretched sound design ) .	0
in singapore , that means that at the age of 12 , the government has decided that they are not as academically inclined as their peers .	1
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .	0
the real reason to see runteldat is to watch lawrence deploy his deep and wide powers of empathy to depict such diverse experiences as childbirth , breast-feeding and recovering from illness .	0
in cinemania , hollywood's biggest fans become the true stars .	1
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .	0
he has to learn to accept ian ; ian has to learn to accept toula's huge family , and toula has to learn to accept herself .	1
his next target is a russian immigrant named tasha , whom quinn is misled into believing is a drug courier .	1
it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart	0
we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas .	0
there's enough here to keep the sequel rocking , providing you can leave the adult in you at the door .	0
they wander around japan in panda outfits , wreak havoc on a once civilized golf court , they even do stunts involving live alligators , and so on .	1
despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed . the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .	0
high powered lawyer claire kubik finds her world turned upside down when her husband , who she thought was tom kubik , is arrested and is revealed to be ron chapman .	1
in the partnership , israeli settlers arrange permits from the israeli military , allowing palestinians to work from the area k beach .	1
a man ( phillipe ) awakens in a hospital not recalling the last two years as he begins to find out things from his past he discovers his ability to move from the year 2002 to the year 1999 .	1
perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that isn't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .	0
dogville may regret it ever began to bare its teeth . . .	1
resident evil isn't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail .	0
will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible qatsi siblings .	0
he initially flounders in his new world , before realizing that it takes more than talent to reach the top .	1
shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .	0
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers' hearts .	0
the police have no clues nor suspects until nick and his colleague realize the killer is a giant octopus .	1
britney spears' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .	0
there's more scatological action in 8 crazy nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career .	0
the remaining friends must now rescue the captives , while desperately trying to avoid the long arm of the law .	1
their relationship has seen better days and jessica acquiring a clapped-out 1984 skoda doesn't make things easier .	1
winnie is a free-spirited 15-year-old in a stuffy victorian household who stumbles on the tucks , a strange family hiding out on the family grounds .	1
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .	0
hong has a brilliant mind and immediately senses she's dealing with a killer with very special skills .	1
the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide .	0
red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs .	0
just like any other elevator in any old building .	1
neighbor's dog operates at a consistent chuckle pitch that frequently gives way to guffaws .	0
she is a very sweet girl , and they get along quite well with her .	1
nete's husband seeks comfort outside of their home , her daughter begins to rebel , and as the relationship between nete and her father has not been too good for years , things are bound to explode .	1
joanna , a young wife and mother , moves from manhattan to the upper-class suburb of stepford , connecticut .	1
disillusioned and with no money the secret knight joins the crusaders and embarks on new adventures .	1
when valento lets his temper get the better of him , he needs a fall guy , and everyone's favorite dupe rises to the top .	1
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .	0
a clichйd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men .	0
this includes never-before-seen images of tests of modified v-1s at point mugu naval air station , and the flight test program for regulus at edwards air force base in 1950 .	1
the eccentric stories of a free spirited couple , the husband's brother , a basket ball game , a bookie named dutch , two sinister , corrupt twins conniving over a faberge' egg for their wife's anniversary , a business is business hit-man , and an ex-con that has nothing to do with this story .	1
munnabhai starts wooing komal but she is in love with raja ( ajay devgan ) , a local vagabond doing nothing except working in a bowling alley as a bouncer .	1
his darkly comic trip--shared by a deviant cast of characters , including his terminally bored , part-time lover sookie , his godfater's trophy mistress rachel , and smack-dealing performance artists russel--veers from bizarre to tragic in igby's ultimately noble attempt to keep himself from " going down . " igby goes down is a personal tale about a 17 year old misfit boy who copes with his mother's cancer and his father's insanity by pursuing relationships with older women .	1
as carolyn's " perfect life " falls apart , pumpkin teaches her that perfect isn't always perfect after all .	1
she's not disappointed - oliver turns out to be a nightmare .	1
when his only friend and co-worker dies , a young man born with dwarfism moves to an abandoned train depot in rural new jersey .	1
robinson's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates .	0
a vivid reminder of the true nature of chemistry between lovers , and the rarity with which we see it on the screen .	0
missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .	0
this is riveting stuff , especially in its account of how refugee culture and community spring up almost overnight .	0
proves mainly that south korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their hollywood counterparts .	0
a washed-up 80's pop star ( ferguson ) suddenly has a new direction in life when he discovers that he has a teenage daughter , olivia , ( church ) , in cardiff , wales .	1
that is , until he falls in love with a cocktail waitress ( maria bello ) and gets " lady luck , " which throws the situation into reverse .	1
although a sympathetic judge assures desmond that when his financial situation reverses , he will be able to get his children back ; money is hard to come by .	1
it's rare to find a film to which the adjective 'gentle' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette .	0
the fact that the rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays .	0
while sunshine state lacks the searing urgency of city of hope or the gentle dйnouement of lone star , fans of the auteur should enjoy this classic john sayles feature .	0
but it seems they are brought back as one for more than just solving a case .	1
though frodo's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined new zealanders has proved its creative mettle .	0
a superfluous sequel . . . plagued by that old familiar feeling of 'let's get this thing over with' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .	0
 " it's like those monster vampire high school kind of movies , only here the monsters are jesus-freak teenagers , " says michael stipe , the former r . e . m .	1
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources .	0
as their adopted identity grows , the gang tumbles into a downward spiral of excitement , excess and fun .	1
one afternoon they discover the corpse of a young woman floating in the water .	1
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film's music than to the story line ; what's best about drumline is its energy .	0
money's tight , relationships are tough and all around us , media and advertising constantly bombard us with competing messages .	1
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies .	0
the entire movie is in need of a scented bath .	0
while some of the subplots are very sketchy and the motivations of some of the characters are not clear , it is a journey worth taking because of the wondrous imagery .	0
anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .	0
one boy needs to avenge the death of his father . . .	1
ron launius ( josh lucas ) , billy deverell ( tim blake nelson ) , barbara richardson ( natasha gregson wagner ) and joy miller ( janeane garofalo ) were brutally murdered , and ron's wife susan ( christina applegate ) was left in critical condition .	1
who knows what may be down the next block , or what lies in store for gigi at the end of the walk ?	1
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .	0
what puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in britney spears' first movie .	0
sunshine state is a fine example of a carefully written film . but you shouldn't be too aware that a movie is well-written .	0
the film is exhilarating to watch because sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor .	0
painfully bleak and disheartening . . . brilliantly made and uncompromising	0
winnie falls inlove with one of the tucks , jesse , a " 17 " year old boy who shares the same feelings for her .	1
shot independently over a 24-hour period , the film is first a witness to the fall of the twin towers , as a line of fire and a buckle in the armature signal imminent collapse .	1
