What does Elysium mean ?	0
Why did the Globe Theatre burn down ?	0
How does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?	0
How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?	0
What is cunnilingus ?	0
What is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?	0
How can I trace my family roots ?	0
What is `` cat scratch fever '' ?	0
What is the history of the hairdryer ?	0
What happened in the Long March ?	0
What was the verdict in the trial of Lizzie Borden ?	0
What is chromatology ?	0
What is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?	0
What baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the Atlantic and Pacific before the Panama Canal ?	0
Why are lions called `` King of the Jungle '' ?	0
What causes canker sores in the mouth ?	0
What are Fortune 500 companies ?	0
What is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?	0
What will a compass do in outer space ?	0
What is swap math ?	0
What is Compaq 's mission statement ?	0
How is the element strontium purified ?	0
What is a `` repeating voter '' ?	0
Why did several San Diego schools remove apples from students menus ?	0
Why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?	0
What is the English meaning of caliente ?	0
What are some children 's rights ?	0
What is osmosis ?	0
How does a glacier form ?	0
What is saltpeter ?	0
What do you need to do to marry someone in jail ?	0
What is e-commerce ?	0
What is deadrise , nautical , ?	0
What is a Mexican hairless ?	0
What is the meaning of the name Kathryn ?	0
How does a hydroelectric dam work ?	0
What is the AIM-54C Phoenix ?	0
What are the seven deadly sins ?	0
What was the Long March in China ?	0
How can you define time ?	0
What are bear and bull markets ?	0
How does Belle describe her life in Beauty and the Beast ?	0
What is the origin of the word , JJ .	0
Why do pharmacists work on raised floors ?	0
What are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking ?	0
Why do people shake hands to show friendliness ?	0
What is Franz Kafka 's short story `` A Country Doctor '' trying to tell us ?	0
How do you do a bibliography page ?	0
What is the biblical meaning of ` stones ' ?	0
What is Toulmin logic ?	0
Why do airliners crash vs. gliding down ?	0
What else has the swastika stood for ?	0
How come light bulbs go out ?	0
How did the months of the year get there name ?	0
Why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?	0
What is paracetamol ?	0
How do you get rid on woodpeckers ?	0
How do I tie a tie ?	0
How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?	0
How do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?	0
Where did the term `` 86 '' come from ?	0
How does an abacus work ?	0
What are the medical purposes of `` clitoridectomy '' ?	0
What is molybdenum ?	0
What is the design of the ship Titanic ?	0
How does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?	0
What is meant by blood SED rate ?	0
What is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?	0
What can I do to get into an Ivy League school ?	0
What is digitalis ?	0
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	0
What is the Hub of London ?	0
Shea and Gould closed their Los Angeles office for what reason ?	0
How do you throw a housewarming party ?	0
How does a small businessman contact the Good Humor Ice Cream company to do business with them ?	0
What are the major differences in the Catholic and Methodist religions ?	0
What is Butterfield 8 in Butterfield 8 ?	0
How do you select wine ?	0
What is white chocolate ?	0
What is the history of skateboarding ?	0
What happened during the Blackhawk Indian war of 1832 ?	0
How do you fix squeaky floors ?	0
Define Sinn Fein .	0
How can I get some free technical information on Electric Vehicle ?	0
What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?	0
Where did the marriage ceremony come from ?	0
What is fiber in food ?	0
What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?	0
What is Jane Goodall famous for ?	0
What is a urologist ?	0
Where did the saying `` rule of thumb '' come from ?	0
What was Suzy Parker doing to earn $1 , 000 in the early 1950 's ?	0
Why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?	0
Why is Thanksgiving on a Thursday ?	0
What is the origin of the atom ?	0
How does rabies spread ?	0
What was a Mae West on a World War II battleship ?	0
How do you buy stocks ?	0
What 's the Olympic motto ?	0
How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?	0
What does storm wave mean in Japanese ?	0
How did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?	0
What should you yell to hail a taxi in Madrid ?	0
What do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst ?	0
What does it mean `` Rupee Depreciates '' ?	0
How do they get Teflon to stick to the pan ?	0
How does Cos Cob , CT get its name ?	0
What is Cabarnet Sauvignon ?	0
How can I look up someone 's E-mail address on the Internet ?	0
How is silk screening done ?	0
What is office automation ?	0
What is the purpose of the SysRq key on my computer keyboard ?	0
What is a gas release event ?	0
Where did the name root beer come from ?	0
What is the meaning of Jesus ?	0
How do I install a tile floor ?	0
What is Candlemas Day ?	0
How is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?	0
What happened to Pepsi Clear ?	0
How is water treated to make it safe to drink ?	0
What problems contributed to the high failure rate of Plains farmers in the 1800s ?	0
What 's an auberge in France ?	0
What is Plc ?	0
What is the filmmakers collabrative ?	0
What are boxcars ?	0
What is literary criticism ?	0
What is the origin of the word Ozymandias ?	0
What is the origin of the name Katie ?	0
How do I find info about rice importers in the world ?	0
What is the Kashmir issue ?	0
What do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?	0
What is a tonne ?	0
How can I find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in Massachusetts ?	0
What does the Greek word polis mean , as in Minneapolis ?	0
How was the Kennedy money made ?	0
How come a doughnut has a hole in it ?	0
What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?	0
How do ants have sex ?	0
What is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun ?	1
What whisky is `` known by the company it keeps '' ?	1
What disease did August von Wassermann develop a specific test for in 196 ?	1
What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?	1
Name a product that controls the ripening of apples .	1
What is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope , and how big is it ?	1
What is `` the bear of beers '' ?	1
What computer operating system is on the most computers ?	1
What are the 7 articles of the constitution ?	1
What film canine is buried in Pere-Lachaise cemetery in Paris ?	1
What 's the name of a golf course in Myrtle Beach ?	1
A corgi is a kind of what ?	1
What is a fear of thunder ?	1
What letter appears on the cold-water tap in Spain ?	1
What color Poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?	1
What ability has the silkworm moth lost through domestication ?	1
In what book can I find the story of Aladdin ?	1
What song put James Taylor in the limelight ?	1
What does Visine get out ?	1
What is a fear of children ?	1
What does saliva consist of ?	1
What is kept in Fort Knox that is so valuable ?	1
What are two plants that clothes are made from ?	1
What class is categorized as the bourgeoisie ?	1
What common livestock have the greatest variety of breeds ?	1
What is a fear of night or darkness ?	1
What does a chef coddle eggs in ?	1
What kind of education do I need to become a flight attendant ?	1
What was the name of the ball game played by the mayans ?	1
What overalls are named for Dungri , a suburb of Bombay ?	1
Who were John F. Kennedy 's dogs ?	1
What color is `` ash '' ?	1
Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?	1
What does a topophobic actor suffer from ?	1
What is the procedure called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness ?	1
What is the correct way to use `` may '' vs. `` might '' ?	1
What was the name of the computer in ` 2001 : A Space Odyssey ' ?	1
What five-time winner of the Kentucky Derby lost his first 25 races ?	1
What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with ?	1
What was the eighth day following the Nones in each month of the Roman calendar called ?	1
What 's bottled in jeroboams ?	1
What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?	1
What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called ?	1
What plants are found in an estuary ?	1
What is the best way to travel in Japan ?	1
What 's the green variety of beryl called ?	1
What hide-and-seek game is played around a tin can ?	1
What do chefs call The Master Spice ?	1
What product features a frog that says `` dig 'em '' ?	1
What new games are available for Nintendo 64 ?	1
What film was Jude Law in ?	1
What foods contain vitamin B12 ?	1
What English word contains the most letters ?	1
What kind of guitar did Jimi Hendrix play ?	1
What is widely used to detect birth defects ?	1
Name the vessel used by the Atari Force in the DC comics .	1
What was the name of the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?	1
What daily newspaper will `` help you see clearer across the USA '' ?	1
What medium is Stuart Hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?	1
In the Miller Lite TV commercial , who is the creature ?	1
What Kennedy was married to Ethel ?	1
In what religion was Isis the nature goddess ?	1
What George Harrison tune sounded too much like He 's So Fine by The Chiffons ?	1
What is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?	1
What was the name of Hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the Bavarian government in Munich in 1923 ?	1
What kind of rocket launched the Surveyor spacecraft ?	1
What is the term for a group of geese ?	1
Where does your hair grow the fastest ?	1
What alloy do copper and tin form ?	1
What 's been the ruin of many a poor boy in New Orleans ?	1
What two animals are specifically mentioned as being in Noah 's Ark ?	1
What TV station did Mary Richards work for ?	1
What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .	1
What Shakespearean play featured Shylock ?	1
What are the snakes of New England ?	1
What colors make up a rainbow ?	1
What is the best selling computer model ever ?	1
What were the achievements of Richard Nixon ?	1
What chocolate bar created by Frank Mars and his wife is often called a Milky Way with peanuts ?	1
What is the most famous German word in the English language ?	1
What kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?	1
What crop failure caused the Irish Famine ?	1
What is Ray Bradbury 's illustrated man illustrated with ?	1
What does an ashen-faced eidologist search out the existence of ?	1
What chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body ?	1
What is the main ingredient of yogurt ?	1
What do opposite faces of a die always add up to ?	1
Which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in Europe ?	1
What D.H. Lawrence novel was originally titled Tenderness ?	1
What is money made of ?	1
What 's an infant seal called ?	1
What animal has killed the most people ?	1
What did Benny Carter play ?	1
What 's the term for an organism that lives on or in another ?	1
What does NAFTA stand for ?	2
What does S.O.S. stand for ?	2
What does IOC stand for ?	2
What do the letters D.C. stand for in Washington , D.C. ?	2
What is DEET ?	2
What is the acronym for the National Bureau of Investigation ?	2
In a computer , what does SCSI mean ?	2
What is the abbreviation for Original Equipment Manufacturer ?	2
What does BMW stand for ?	2
Who was the star witness at the Senate Watergate hearings ?	3
Who shot and killed himself while painting Wheatfield with Crows ?	3
What suburban housewife and mother of three wrote The Feminine Mystique ?	3
What are the first names of Rowan and Martin , the stars of TV 's Laugh-In ?	3
Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?	3
What is Michael Jackson 's middle name ?	3
What was the business of the animated Sky Hawks ?	3
What journalist can be found in and around Walden Puddle ?	3
What Cruise Line does Kathie Lee Gifford advertise for ?	3
Who made the largest cocaine seizure in Ventura County history ?	3
Who won the rugby world cup in ?	3
Who was the oldest U.S. president ?	3
Name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency .	3
What is the last name of Lucy and Linus from the Peanut 's comic strip ?	3
What was American folk hero John Chapman 's nickname ?	3
What appointments secretary to Richard Nixon went to jail ?	3
Who is the mathematician that won the Noble Prize for Literature in 1950 ?	3
Who is Desmond Tutu ?	3
Which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?	3
What actor first portrayed James Bond ?	3
Who does data collection in tourism ?	3
What English physician was born on January 18 , 1779 and went on to create two important inventions ?	3
Who made Stonehenge ?	3
What radio station did Paul Harvey work for ?	3
Who wrote The Red Badge of Courage ?	3
What cigar-chewing comedian observed : `` You 're only as old as the woman you feel '' ?	3
Who portrayed Fatman in the television show , `` Jake and the Fatman '' ?	3
Name Dick Tracy 's two children .	3
What is the name of the firm that makes Spumante ?	3
Who is Nicolo Paganini ?	3
Who was Charles Lindbergh 's wife ?	3
What was the name of the first Watergate special prosecutor , later fired by Nixon ?	3
What two commanders directed the forces in the Battle of El Alamein ?	3
Who invented the toothbrush ?	3
What Argentine boxer was shot dead outside a Nevada brothel in May ?	3
What famous singing cowboy owns the California Angels baseball team ?	3
What is a person called that likes fire ?	3
What Honeymooners actress did Television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?	3
Who directed the first Woody Woodpecker cartoon ?	3
What actor was the first man to appear on the cover of McCall 's ?	3
Who is the sexiest women in the world ?	3
What organization has a Security Council ?	3
Who was the author of the novel `` Far From the Madding Crowd '' ?	3
Who played Sally Rogers on The Dick Van Dyke Show ?	3
What was the name of the Titanic 's captain ?	3
Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?	3
What are the only players eligible to score points in Roller Derby called ?	3
Who designed London Bridge ?	3
What relative of Leo Tolstoy translated War and Peace eight times ?	3
What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?	3
Who was the Charlie perfume woman ?	3
What baseball team owner and sailor is known as The Mouth of the South ?	3
Who created Big Ben ?	3
What title did Suzette Charles assume for two months in 1984 ?	3
What Japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?	3
Who was the inventor of silly putty ?	3
What comic of TV 's golden age went by the motto `` Anything for a laugh '' ?	3
What is the Viking Prince 's first name ?	3
Who discovered imaginary numbers ?	3
Who created the Fantastic Four , Hulk , and Thor ?	3
What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?	3
What was the real name of writer Ross Macdonald , creator of the hero Lew Archer ?	3
Who was the author of `` John Brown 's Body '' ?	3
What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?	3
What baseball player was known as Charley Hustle ?	3
Where did Gulliver find a race of tiny people ?	4
What desert has been called The Garden of Allah ?	4
Where do lobsters like to live ?	4
What country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size ?	4
In what county is Eckley Colorado ?	4
Where 's Montenegro ?	4
What country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect ?	4
What ocean surrounds the Maldive Islands ?	4
Where does Buzz Aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?	4
What are the top 5 tallest buildings in the world ?	4
What country boasts Cawdor Castle , Glamis Castle , and Blair Castle ?	4
What state in the United States covers the largest area ?	4
Where in the Americas is it only 47 miles from the Atlantic to the Pacific ?	4
Where does the song Anything Goes take place ?	4
Where can I find the lyrics for the song ` Getting Married Today ' from the musical ` Company ' ?	4
What are the largest libraries in the US ?	4
What countries earn the most from tourism ?	4
What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?	4
What is the largest shopping mall in the world ?	4
What U.S. city 's skyline boasts the Gateway Arch ?	4
Where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?	4
What country boasts the most dams ?	4
What river is Windsor Castle on ?	4
What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?	4
What is the geographical center of the US including Alaska and Hawaii ?	4
Where did the Maya people live ?	4
What country 's capital is Lagos ?	4
Where is Glasgow ?	4
What country was Hitler the chancellor of ?	4
What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?	4
What country is located at 13 degrees North latitude and 10 degrees East longitude ?	4
What southwestern state is dubbed The Silver State ?	4
Where were the 196 Summer Olympics held ?	4
What famed river was Hernando de Soto the first European to see ?	4
What two countries are linked by the Brenner Pass ?	4
What ocean is the largest in the world ?	4
Where can I find the schematics to the windshield wiper mechanism ?	4
Where is Poe 's birthplace ?	4
Where is the Henry Ford Museum ?	4
What is the largest lake in North America ?	4
Where is the largest post office building in the world ?	4
On what river is Rome built ?	4
What city is the setting for Puccini 's opera La Boheme ?	4
Where are some great educational resources for parents and teachers ?	4
What country was General Douglas McArthur in when he was recalled by President Truman ?	4
Name an art gallery in New York .	4
What country in Latin America is the largest one ?	4
Where do hyenas live ?	4
What is the name of the country which Hitler ruled ?	4
What famed London criminal court was once a feudal castle ?	4
Where can I find detailed information about Manchukuo ?	4
What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?	4
What bay divides Maryland 's Eastern and Western Shores ?	4
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	4
Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place ?	4
Where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?	4
What country 's flag is field green ?	4
What are all the southern states of the United States ?	4
What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?	4
Where can I find a picture of a Blue Meanie ?	4
What are the largest breweries in the world ?	4
What 's the sacred river of India ?	4
What are the five richest countries in the world ?	4
Which country is known as `` Big Bear '' ?	4
What country has declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to Russians ?	4
What country has the port of Haifa ?	4
Where is the Loop ?	4
What country was A Terrible Beauty to Leon Uris ?	4
Where is Sinn Fein 's headquarters ?	4
Where is the bridge over the river Kwai ?	4
What city is sometimes called The Athens of Switzerland ?	4
What man-made waterways is 1.76 miles long ?	4
What country has been called The Queen of the Antilles ?	4
What is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea ?	4
Where did the ukulele originate ?	4
Where did the real St. Nicholas live ?	4
What city does McCarren Airport serve ?	4
Where can I find all the information I need to know about the English Civil War , 1642-1649 , ?	4
Where can I read about Abraham Lincoln ?	4
What is the largest county in size in Massachusetts ?	4
What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?	4
How many times can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged ?	5
How many people died on D-Day ?	5
How many school districts are there in the United States ?	5
How much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?	5
How far is London UK from California ?	5
How much in miles is a ten K run ?	5
How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate ?	5
What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?	5
What is the all-time stock high of Apple Computer , and where can I find this information ?	5
How long should you feed your puppy Purina Puppy Chow ?	5
What ratio of children of ages between two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?	5
When was the battle of the Somme fought ?	5
What is the population of Kansas ?	5
How long does a fly live ?	5
When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia ?	5
How often are brain cells replaced ?	5
When was the slinky invented ?	5
How many people in America snore ?	5
In what year was the cannon invented ?	5
How many electoral college votes does Colorado have ?	5
How many times a year does the American Gourd Society publish The Gourd ?	5
What 's the population of Mississippi ?	5
When was the first flush toilet invented ?	5
What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?	5
How much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?	5
When did the art of quilting begin ?	5
How many sides does a heptagon have ?	5
On what day were John F and Jackie Kennedy married ?	5
When is Dick Clark 's birthday ?	5
How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?	5
How many years of schooling after highschool does it take to become a neurosurgeon ?	5
How many feet long is a baseball pitcher 's rubber ?	5
What is the chemical reactivity of helium ?	5
How far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?	5
How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?	5
What is the airport code for Los Angeles International ?	5
How old is Jeremy Piven ?	5
When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place ?	5
In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?	5
What will the California gas tax be in the year 2000 ?	5
How many Canadians emmigrate each year ?	5
How many zeros are there in a trillion ?	5
How old is too old for a child to not be talking ?	5
How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?	5
How much will gas be taxed in California by the year 2000 ?	5
How big is a normal size penis for a 15-year-old ?	5
How many trees go into paper making in a year ?	5
What are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?	5
How long is the world 's largest ship , in meters ?	5
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?	5
In what year did China and the Republic of Korea establish diplomatic relations ?	5
How many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the Empire State Building ?	5
What century 's the setting for TV 's The Adventures of Robin Hood ?	5
How many points is a bullseye worth in darts ?	5
How many flavors of ice cream does Howard Johnson 's have ?	5
How much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily ?	5
How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?	5
What number of American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?	5
How many movies has Drew Barrymore been in ?	5
When did Aldous Huxley write , `` Brave New World '' ?	5
What is the population of Arcadia , Florida ?	5
What is the population of Ohio ?	5
What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?	5
What month , date , and year did Charles I die ?	5
What is the population of Mozambique ?	5
By how much will the California state gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?	5
What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?	5
In 1990 , what day of the week did Christmas fall on ?	5
How much does one ton of cement cost ?	5
How much do drugs to treat tuberculosis cost ?	5
What is the cost of the drugs used in tuberculosis treatments ?	5
How many people lived in Nebraska in the mid 1900s ?	5
What is the average age a horse lives ?	5
What year did nylon stockings first go on sale ?	5
How many square feet is Bill Gates ' home ?	5
When was Berlin 's Brandenburg gate erected ?	5
How many people does Honda employ in the U.S. ?	5
What 's the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch ` 'The Simpsons ' ?	5
What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?	5
What is the gestation period for human pregnancies ?	5
How many people live in Chile ?	5
What season begins with the vernal equinox ?	5
How many fingers are used to draw a bow ?	5
When was the De Beers company founded ?	5
How many furlongs are there in a mile-and-a-quarter recetrack ?	5
What year did the first issue of `` Playboy '' come out ?	5
How many elephants are left on earth ?	5
What was Thatcher 's approval rating after 10 years in power ?	5
How many websites are there in the world ?	5
How many languages does the Pope speak ?	5
What was the first minimum wage ?	5
What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?	5
How much do tuberculosis combatting drugs cost ?	5
When did Spielberg direct `` Jaws '' ?	5
What is the pig population of the world ?	5
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?	5
Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?	5
How long do you have to live in a community to vote ?	5
How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?	5
How many teats does a female goat sport ?	5
What percent of world 's fresh water is found in Canada ?	5
How many people in the world speak French ?	5
How much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in Monopoly ?	5
How long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs ?	5
When did Gothic art and architecture flourish ?	5
What is the average salary of a paleontologist ?	5
How many people have been Captain America ?	5
What is the average date when most malls begin putting up Christmas holiday decorations ?	5
How much does the President get paid ?	5
How many people died when the Estonia sank in 1994 ?	5
On which date is the Ukrainians ' Christmas ?	5
In what year did Hitler gain power of Germany ?	5
What is Dick Clark 's date of birth ?	5
