Hackers Exploit Microsoft's JPEG Flaw (AP) AP - In a harbinger of security threats to come, hackers have exploited a newly announced flaw in Microsoft Corp. programs and begun circulating malicious code hidden in images that use the popular JPEG format.	3
Arsenal gets back to winning ways Arsenal won for the first time in five games Saturday, getting two goals from Thierry Henry to beat Birmingham 3-0 in the Premier League.	1
Temporary Flight Caps Are Just That  quot;We #39;ve worked hard to balance the need to provide vibrant air service and grow the economy with the need to clear the skies over O #39;Hare, quot; said Mineta.  quot;The process worked, yielding substantial reductions that will produce results for the ...	2
Inflation remains well contained: US Fed US Federal Reserve said Wednesday that rate hikes can continue at a  quot;measured pace quot; as  quot;inflation and longer-term inflation expectations remain well contained quot;.	2
Nvidia To Power Next-Gen Sony Console Nvidia Corp. and Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. (SCEI) said Tuesday that the two companies are working together to deveop a graphics subsystem for Sony #39;s next-generation video-game console.	3
Stocks Are Set to Open Lower NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen lower at the open Thursday as traders get a handle on Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's testimony Wednesday...	0
Intel delays delivery of chip for projection TVs - report BEIJING (AFX-ASIA) - Intel Corp said it is delaying the delivery of its first chip for projection television sets, while rival Advanced Micro Devices Inc is moving on schedule to an advanced manufacturing process, the Wall Street Journal reported. 	3
Teams seeking end to Ryder hostilities BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. - Hal Sutton has pretty much told the Europeans to  quot;get over it. quot;. The US Ryder Cup captain is tired of hearing about the ugly American celebration that took place five years ago 	1
Philly clinches NFC East title EAGLES 27, GIANTS 6: The Eagles, in the playoffs for the fifth consecutive year, are the third team since 1978 to win its division in Game 11.	1
Jeanne Lashes Dominican Republic; 9 Dead SAN PEDRO DE MACORIS, Dominican Republic - Tropical Storm Jeanne battered the Dominican Republic before heading to the Bahamas where the tempest, which has killed at least nine people, began to churn seas and stir deadly storm surges on Saturday.    Jeanne lost strength as it drove thousands of Dominicans from their homes by late Friday...	0
U.S. Stocks Climb as Oil Prices Drop  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The biggest one-day drop in oil prices  since September 2001 helped send U.S. stock prices higher on  Wednesday.	2
France moves US plutonium south France sends plutonium from scrapped US nuclear warheads south under heavy guard to be reprocessed.	0
Americans can advance to regional finals with victory Into the regional finals of qualifying for the 2006 World Cup, that is. The Americans lead their group with eight points off two wins and two ties.	1
Israelis, American Win Nobel for Chemistry (AP) AP - Two Israelis and an American won the Nobel Prize in chemistry Wednesday for showing how cells can give a ""kiss of death"" to destroy unwanted proteins, a finding that could help scientists find new medicines for cancer and other diseases. The award marks the first time an Israeli has won a Nobel science prize.	3
Hamilton to  quot;hoot and holler quot; his Ryder Cup compatriots Instead of weighing in to Ryder Cup battle next week, British Open champion Todd Hamilton plans to play a few rounds of golf with his buddies.	1
Va. Tech speeds up Mac OS X supercomputer by almost 20 OCTOBER 26, 2004 (MACCENTRAL) - Virginia Tech #39;s all-Mac OS X supercomputer at the university #39;s Terascale Computing Facility made headlines last year when it was determined to be the third-fastest supercomputer in the world.	3
A young monk opens a rare window of candor in Tibet He confirms Chinese are diluting traditional Buddhist culture and the monks' role.	0
A Classic Series Awaits At approximately 12:05 yesterday morning, history was made in perhaps the most remarkable way imaginable. Amid the shouts of euphoria from transplanted Bostonians in rainy Collegetown, one singular theme could 	1
Ljubicic advances MADRID, Oct. 22. - Ivan Ljubicic edged No. 7 seed Joachim Johansson in three tough sets on Friday to reach the semi-finals in the \$3 m Madrid Masters.	1
Sun refreshes development tools line Refreshing its development tools arsenal, Sun Microsystems on Tuesday revealed plans for upcoming versions of Java Studio Creator and is unleashing upgrades to the NetBeans open source platform and Java Studio Enterprise.	3
Scottish landslides trap up more than 50 people (AFP) AFP - More than 50 people were airlifted to safety after landslides caused by violent rain trapped cars on a road in Scotland, just days after flash floods devastated a tourist village in southwest England.	0
Europe's Regulators Say It's OK If Oracle Acquires PeopleSoft (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Oracle   Chief Executive Larry Ellison might well raise his offer of  #36;21 per share to buy business software rival PeopleSoft  , they say.	3
Mariners fire Melvin after two seasons NOTES He indicated to reporters Sunday that he still wanted to manage the Mariners, but Melvin might get another chance elsewhere. Bavasi said he called an undisclosed club to suggest Melvin be considered for a managerial vacancy.	1
Marine Wives Rally A group of Marine wives are running for the family of a Marine Corps officer who was killed in Iraq.	1
Bentley hoping to avoid getting tripped up by Post A year ago, the Bentley Falcons ended C.W. Post's two-year reign as Northeast-10 Conference football champions. Now the Pioneers have a chance to return the favor. Sitting atop the conference standings, C.W. Post (4-1, 4-0) hosts Bentley tomorrow and can inflict serious damage on any hopes the Falcons have of repeating.	1
Satellite TV Spreads Its Signals Across the Landscape In the last 10 years, pizza-sized dishes have sprouted on homes all over the country. But how does satellite TV actually work?	3
Weathermen to get Visualization Supercomputer Maverick combines highly sophisticated visualization technology with a high-bandwidth next generation network to tackle some of the nation #39;s most pressing concerns, including Emergency Response Management and Flood Modeling (specifically for the state of 	3
Cellphone That Detects Bad Breath Siemens Mobile, the German telecommunications company, has announced that it is working on a mobile phone that makes users aware when they have bad breath.	3
Dolby, Intel sound off for developers Companies plan tools for improving high-end audio for PCs with Intel inside.	3
Christian Conservatives Press Issues in Statehouses Energized by electoral wins, conservative Christians are pushing ahead state and local initiatives on controversial issues.	0
Yukos to stop oil exports to China Russian oil giant Yukos has decided to halt two-thirds of its oil exports to China, raising the stakes in its yearlong legal battle with the authorities.	2
Big Lots Revises Quarterly, Year Views Big Lots Inc., the largest closeout retailer in the United States, said Wednesday that total sales for the five weeks ended Oct. 2 rose 2.9 percent to \$357.	2
Icelanders after French salmon (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - SIF hf. plans to buy Labeyrie Group for an enterprise value of  #36;425 million.	3
Japan presses Pyongyang on six-party nuclear talks Japan urged North Korea on yesterday to return to six-way talks on the North #39;s nuclear weapons program in a third day of meetings focusing on the fate of missing Japanese citizens kidnapped by Northern spies, Japanese officials said.	0
Novell launches desktop Linux for enterprises Novell Inc. will begin shipping on Tuesday a desktop version of its open source Linux operating system aimed squarely at enterprise users.	3
Alcoa, BHP to sell Integris Metals SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Alcoa Inc. and Australia #39;s BHP Billiton have agreed to sell Integris Metals to Ryerson Tull for \$410 million in cash, plus assumption of \$250 million in debt, the companies said late Tuesday.	2
Google Stock Offering Remains on Track (AP) AP - Google Inc.'s stock market debut appeared to be on track for later this week after the Internet search company asked regulators to give final approval of the paperwork required for the sale.	3
YUKOS Surrenders to the Allies Yesterday morning YUKOS filed an application in a bankruptcy court in Houston, Texas for restructuring according to American laws.	2
Ogden's Knee Improves; His Status Is Uncertain The Ravens are waiting to see how the knee of tackle Jonathan Ogden improves, and continue to hope that he will play in the season opener.	1
Networks in a Duel of Technology Some television networks are racing to develop eye-catching score boxes. Fox, for example, now has fire coming out of its baseball scores.	3
Germany #39;s Volkswagen workers stage warning strikes Workers at Germany #39;s automobile giant Volkswagen (VW) have staged warning strikes in the on-going wage dispute with the management.	2
Calhoun not fond of loss But Calhoun likes his players and his university and the fact that the Huskies are the defending national champions a lot more. Calhoun was livid with himself and the collective 	1
Keeping Better Track From Factory to Checkout Using radio scanners to wirelessly identify consumer products is simple in concept but dauntingly complex in reality.	3
Sun #39;s OpenSolaris Plans Start to Emerge Sun Microsystems on Friday will unveil more of its plans for OpenSolaris, the open-source project for the Solaris operating system.	3
FERC faulted for failing to order refunds for California power &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, which has refused to approve California #39;s demand for \$2.8 billion in refunds from power companies found to have gouged the state during the 2000-2001 energy crisis, has been ordered to rethink its position and 	2
General Mills to Make All Cereals Whole Grain By JOSHUA FREED     MINNEAPOLIS (AP) -- The Trix Rabbit and that Lucky Charms leprechaun are going on a whole-grain diet. General Mills announced Thursday that it will convert all of its breakfast cereals to whole grain...	3
China: commercial flights in 20 years BEIJING: China can expect to see the first commercial space flights in 20 years, the head of the country #39;s space program was quoted as saying by state media.	3
Mystery behind the origin of cosmic rays unraveled: World News: Washington, Nov 4 : An international team of astronomers has suceeded solving the 100 yearl old mystery about the origin of the cosmic rays by producing the first ever image of an astronomical object using high energy gamma rays.	3
Once a Palace, Now Saddam Hussein's Prison Saddam Hussein lives in an air-conditioned 10-by-13 foot cell on the grounds of one of his former palaces, tending plants and proclaiming himself Iraq's lawful ruler.	0
Uh oh! Franco-American is no more Here's one for nostalgia buffs: the Franco-American brand -- best known for SpaghettiOs -- is no more.	2
Ryanair may face Belgian courts Budget airline Ryanair is obliged to be taken to court under EU law if it fails to pay back illegal state aid for flying to Belgium's Charleroi airport.	2
Conferees Ban Lease of Boeing Tankers  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - House and Senate conferees agreed  late on Thursday to ban the leasing of aerial refueling  aircraft as part of a final deal on a \$422 billion defense  authorization bill, killing a proposed \$23.5 billion Air Force  deal with Boeing Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;BA.N&lt;/A&gt;, congressional sources said.	2
Najaf clashes as truce talks fail Fighting resumes in the Iraqi city of Najaf between US troops and Shia militias after an abortive peace bid.	0
Big surprise by Indian board Calcutta, India - The Indian cricket board made a surprise move on Thursday by granting television production and distribution rights for the upcoming Test series against Australia, even as the Supreme Court was hearing a petition by another network 	1
Mets to revamp front office again NEW YORK - The New York Mets are revamping their front office for the second straight offseason, hiring Omar Minaya from the Montreal Expos to become the head of baseball operations.	1
Andre gone with the wind He was finally out of the wicked wind tunnel known as Arthur Ashe Stadium, out of the gale that combined with Roger Federer to blow him from the quarterfinals of the US Open.	1
Honor System Used for Flu Shots at U.S. Chain Stores By GRETCHEN PARKER     BALTIMORE (AP) -- At the Walgreens flu shot clinic, the honor system is in place.    If you tell nurses there you have a chronic heart problem, you can get a shot...	3
Immelt: Joy At GE As Q3 Earnings Jump 11 The news is often sobering these days. But they #39;re smiling at General Electric (nyse: GE - news - people ), where the company posted third-quarter earnings that are up 11, with revenue rising 15.	2
Syria and Lebanon reject UN  #39;interference #39; Syria and Lebanon have rejected outright a renewed United Nations Security Council call for Damascus to pull its troops out of its tiny neighbour, calling the international body #39;s decision  quot;interference quot;.	0
UN war crime tribunal calls first witness in Milosevic defense &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The International Criminal Tribunal for Former Yugoslavia (ICTY) Tuesday called the first witness in the defense case of former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic 	0
MechAssault 2 jacks gold Mech shooter off stomps off to production, and is on schedule for its uncommon December 28 release. Microsoft today announced that MechAssault 2: Lone Wolf has achieved gold status and will be ready to hit Xboxes and light up Xbox Live December 28.	3
Minister offers apology for touchy remark Minister of Foreign Affairs Mark Chen () yesterday apologized for the words used to condemn a comment by his Singaporean counterpart who warned against Taiwan independence at a United Nations meeting last week.	0
NASA Develops Robust Artificial Intelligence for Planetary Rovers NASA is planning to add a strong dose of artificial intelligence (AI) to planetary rovers to make them much more self-reliant, capable of making basic decisions during a mission. Scientists are developing very complex AI software that enables a higher level of robotic intelligence.	3
Stem Cell Companies Fall Amid Biotech Rise While most biotechnology stocks rose Wednesday, shares of major stem cell researchers fell sharply as George W. Bush #39;s victory in the presidential election was confirmed.	2
Americans playing it cool in the pool ATHENS  Michael Phelps might receive his last gold medal of the Athens Olympics in a way no one would envision. 	1
Mac users face rare virus The malware disables Mac OS X's built-in firewall, steals personal information and can destroy data.	3
Bombs in Buenos Aires Kill One Bombs detonated at three banks in downtown Buenos Aires Wednesday resulting in the death of one security guard and in leaving another person injured.	0
Indonesia orders security clampdown after terror warnings JAKARTA, Indonesia Indonesia has ordered a nationwide security crackdown after warnings from Australia, Britain and New Zealand that terrorists plan to attack ahead of Christmas.	0
San Diego Chargers Acquires Wide Out McCardell  SAN DIEGO (Sports Network) - The San Diego Chargers have  acquired wide receiver Keenan McCardell from Tampa Bay in  exchange for two picks in next year's draft. The deal was made  roughly an hour before the NFL's trading deadline on Tuesday.	1
England and India aim to buck trends (AFP) AFP - England cannot win a one-day international batting first while India coach John Wright reckons his team are having trouble chasing totals.	0
Hurricane Ivan Threatens Barbados, East Caribbean  MIAMI (Reuters) - Powerful Hurricane Ivan, the latest in a  busy storm season, rushed over the Atlantic Ocean on Monday and  threatened the eastern Caribbean Windward Islands.	0
Henson plays for Cowboys, now will he start? Now Henson is waiting like everyone else to find out if he #39;ll soon be the starting quarterback. Coach Bill Parcells today said starter Vinny Testaverde is questionable because of a sore shoulder and back.	1
Schwab ex-CEO to get almost \$10M SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Charles Schwab Corp. is paying David Pottruck, ousted as chief executive officer in July, a lump-sum payment of \$6.	2
Software piracy whistle-blowers get bigger rewards The BSA trade group ups its reward for information on U.K. companies that are using illegal software.	3
Top-Seed Spadea Advances at Millennium (AP) AP - Top-seeded Vincent Spadea beat qualifier Hugo Armando 6-3, 1-6, 6-4 Friday night to reach the semifinals of the Millennium International Tennis Championships.	1
Sri Lanka spinners throttle South Africa Sri Lanka spinners Rangana Herath and Tillakaratne Dilshan shared six wickets to help bowl South Africa out for 191 in the third one-day international on Sunday.	1
Gibbs to Look at Offense Coach Joe Gibbs says he thoroughly evaluate the Redskins, particularly an offense that finished among the league's worst, now that the season is over for Washington.	1
Veerappan shot dead Coimbatore: The country #39;s most wanted forest brigand Veerappan, charged with abduction and murder of politicians and film stars, was on Monday night killed in a gunbattle with Tamil Nadu police in a thick forest about 150 km from here, ending three 	0
Unlikely Visionary Behind Private Race to Space SpaceShipOne visionary Peter Diamandis wasn't thinking about history as he stood in the Mojave desert and watched a small, shuttlecock-shaped craft glide back to Earth having nudged the edge of space. He just thought it looked beautiful.	3
First Look: MusicMatch Jukebox's Impressive Version 10 Free software helps organize large music collections.	3
Hewitt in form ahead of US Open LONG ISLAND, New York -- Lleyton Hewitt continued his US Open preparations with a 6-1 6-4 win over Michael Llodra en route to the quarterfinals of the ATP Long Island Cup.	1
ING Reveals Improper Trading Case Details  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A U.S. unit of Dutch financial  services group ING Groep NV said on Wednesday a review of  improper trading in its mutual funds showed only isolated  incidents of impropriety.	2
FTC Goes After Spyware Operations (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - The Federal Trade Committee has filed a complaint in federal court asking that two Internet advertising and software firms be shut down. The FTC made the filing last Thursday and will hold a press conference on the matter tomorrow.	3
Discus Champion Thrown Out of Games Hungarian Olympic discus champion Robert Fazekas will lose his gold medal and be expelled from the Games after breaking doping rules, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) said Tuesday.	1
Microsoft rules out PeopleSoft bid This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half. Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer has ruled out acting as the white knight for business software 	2
N. Korea Economic Sanctions 'One Option' -- Japan (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese Foreign Minister Nobutaka\Machimura said on Thursday economic sanctions against North\Korea were ""one option,"" but added that care was needed in\deciding whether Tokyo should take such a step immediately.	0
Chechnya goes to polls; man blows himself up in Grozny Moscow, Aug. 29 (PTI): An unidentified man blew himself up today outside a polling station in Grozny during presidential elections in war-torn Caucasian province of Chechnya.	0
Explosion marks first day of Iraq campaigns Violence marred Iraq #39;s first official day of parliamentary election campaigning Wednesday as interim Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi announced his candidacy for the Jan. 30 	0
Microsoft delays SP2 auto update Slowdown will give big companies more time to hunt down compatibility problems, the company says.	3
Kerry Asks FEC for Recount Advice (AP) AP - Election Day is several weeks away, but Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry's campaign is already considering its fund-raising options should Kerry or President Bush pursue a recount like the famous Florida ballot dispute in 2000.	0
U.S. Upholds Tariffs on Shrimp Imports (AP) AP - The Bush administration on Tuesday upheld the imposition of penalty tariffs on shrimp imports from China and Vietnam, handing a victory to beleaguered U.S. shrimp producers.	0
Rebels Set Off Land mine in Indian Kashmir, 11 Dead  SRINAGAR, India (Reuters) - Separatist militants detonated  a powerful land mine in Indian Kashmir killing eleven people,  including nine soldiers in one of the biggest attacks in recent  weeks, police said on Sunday.	0
Promoting free trade promotes security for Canada and U.S., ambassador says. (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - The promotion of free trade around the world will help fight terrorism and is in the security interests of the U.S. and Canada, the U.S. ambassador to Canada said Friday.	0
Peres calls for early general election The leader of the opposition Labour party in Israel, Shimon Peres, has called for an early general election. 	0
Martha Stewart Appeals Conviction Lawyers for Martha Stewart told a federal appeals court that she suffered a ""fundamentally unfair"" trial at the hands of prosecutors who incorrectly suggested she was accused of insider trading.	2
Bulldogs Get Punished The NCAA places Mississippi State on probation for four years because of recruiting violations and bans them from postseason play this year.	1
With One Life to Live, the Red Sox Want It Now The Red Sox will either complete an amazing comeback tonight as the first team to rebound from a 3-0 deficit in postseason history, or the Yankees will stop them.	1
Anglers Have Big Impact on Fish Numbers -- Study (Reuters) Reuters - Recreational anglers may be\responsible for landing nearly 25 percent of over-fished salt\water species caught off U.S. coasts, a study released on\Thursday suggests.	3
Jury lines up for Kobe Bryant rape trial More than a year after allegations of rape levelled at basketball star Kobe Bryant shocked the world of sport and set in motion a circus of claim and counterclaim, the first wave of jury selection began yesterday.	1
IMF Sees Robust U.S. Growth (Reuters) Reuters - Robust U.S. economic growth will\likely continue into 2005, but authorities should cut the\budget deficit to reduce the risk to growth, International\Monetary Fund Managing Director Rodrigo Rato said.	2
IBM updates WebSphere Application Server software OCTOBER 06, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - IBM today unveiled a new version of its WebSphere Application Server software, which is designed to protect applications from server downtime and boost enterprise efforts to build a service-oriented architecture (SOA).	3
Baghdad violence kills at least 25 people and stoking fears that sectarian divisions over when to hold elections could unleash further bloodshed. In a second dawn attack in the capital on Friday, guerrillas killed at 	0
University entry overhaul backed Students should be able to make their university applications after their A-level results, says an official report.	0
Saudi Violence Pushes Oil Prices Higher Oil prices were forced higher today by an outbreak of violence in Saudi Arabia and concerns that Opec may cut output. The cost of a barrel of light, sweet crude oil climbed 	2
Defiant Sharon sets out Gaza plan Israeli PM Ariel Sharon pushes ahead with an accelerated plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip despite opposition.	0
Yahoo Jazzes Up Mobile Search Yahoo Jazzes Up Mobile Search\\Google SMS started serving search results to mobile users in the US just a few days back. Now Yahoo! follows it with even more comprehensive feature set. Google SMS is currently text based for the results; Yahoo! jazzes them up with maps, website icons, as well ...	3
Bekele Succeeds Mentor Gebrselassie  ATHENS (Reuters) - Ethiopian Kenenisa Bekele succeeded his  mentor Haile Gebrselassie as the Olympic 10,000 meters champion  Friday after an astonishing final lap in the longest track  event.	1
SI.com ATLANTA (Ticker) -- The Atlanta Braves will have to wait at least one more day to celebrate. Gabe White worked out of a bases-loaded jam in the bottom of the ninth inning to record his first save in more than 	1
Haywood Looks to End Wizards center Brendan Haywood worked hard in the offseason to improve enough to play in the fourth quarter of close games this season.	1
Germany unveils debt cut measures The German government has unveiled a series of measures aimed at bringing the country #39;s public deficit back below the eurozone #39;s 3 of GDP limit in 2005.	2
easyMusic picks Wippit for pre-Xmas launch easyJet founder turns to 'easyJet for iPod generation' service	3
Two US soldiers killed in Afghan battle KABUL, Afghanistan - Two US soldiers were killed in a firefight with insurgents Monday, while an Afghan vice president escaped a bomb attack on his convoy in the latest assassination attempt on a political leader ahead of key elections.	0
Daiei shares soar as Wal-Mart confirms interest in ailing retailer TOKYO : Shares in ailing Japanese retailer Daiei Inc. jumped 16 percent after US giant Wal-Mart Stores Inc. confirmed it was interested in aiding the firm #39;s revival. 	2
Cuba, Russia Agree to Condemn Terrorism (AP) AP - The top diplomats for Russia and Cuba condemned all forms of terrorism Tuesday and renewed Russia's call last week to expand the war against the global scourge.	0
HP unveils low-cost corporate copier With streamlined multifunction device, tech giant aims to gain ground in business copier market.\	3
Kerry's Disgusting Ad \\A few days ago Kerry sent around this ad:\\""Yesterday, the Bush-Cheney campaign, losing any last sense of decency, placed\a disgusting ad called ""The Faces of John Kerry's Democratic Party"" as the\main feature on its website. Bizarrely, and without explanation, the ad places\Adolf Hitler among those faces.""\\""The Bush-Cheney campaign must pull this ad off of its website. The use of\Adolf Hitler by any campaign, politician or party is simply wrong.""\\Which of course is a mistake.  I went and downloaded the video (which is just\stupid btw.  Not a masterpiece by any means.) and there are shots of Hitler in\there, but only from the MoveOn contest from a few months back.\\Here's the problem.  The ...\\	3
 #39;Jackal aide #39; in case 2 acquittal BERLIN, Germany -- A German court has acquitted Johannes Weinrich, said to be the right-hand man of international guerrilla  quot;Carlos the Jackal, quot; of charges that he took part in a deadly series of bombings in France in the early 1980s.	0
WTO Rules Against EU Protection of Goods (AP) AP - The European Union said Friday its system of protecting names for regionally produced foods such as Champagne and Parma ham was strengthened by an initial ruling from the World Trade Organization.	0
Fox, Traded by Lakers to Celtics, Retires (AP) AP - Rick Fox retired Thursday, ending a 13-year pro career during which he was part of three NBA championship teams with the Los Angeles Lakers.	1
Soccer Racism Taints Spain's Reputation (AP) AP - Spaniards used to say they lived in one of Europe's most racially tolerant countries. Soccer has shattered that myth. In Madrid's Santiago Bernabeu stadium  #151; the Yankee Stadium of soccer  #151; Spanish fans bellowed out monkey noises last week each time a black English player touched the ball in a match between England and Spain.	1
Renteria introduced Although he hasn #39;t spoken to any of his new Red Sox stats, schedule teammates yet, Edgar Renteria said he #39;d like to get fellow snowbird Manny Ramirez stats, news to teach him to hit #39; #39; when they speak this week in Miami.	1
Competitors voice pride in being pioneers as women #39;s wrestling &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; This was not one for the books. It was one for the looks. How many times had Sara McMann seen the look? She would tell people she was a wrestler, and their eyebrows would 	1
New burger has 1,400 calories, 103 grams of fat ST. LOUIS - The Hardee #39;s fast food chain has rolled out its new 1,400-calorie Monster Thickburger, with 107 grams of fat. The sandwich boasts two-thirds of a pound of beef, four strips of bacon, three slices 	2
Report: Palestinians, Israel Back Peace Plan  CAIRO (Reuters) - Palestinians and Israelis have agreed in  principle to proposals aiming to end their conflict, Egypt's  official news agency MENA said on Tuesday.	0
PeopleSoft: Oracle's Offer Is Inadequate (AP) AP - Oracle Corp.'s  #36;21-per-share hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft Inc. isn't good enough for shareholders to accept, PeopleSoft director A. George ""Skip"" Battle said Wednesday.	3
Should Your Next Car Be New or Used? Used cars have a lot to offer -- if you know what you're doing.	2
A peak performance MORGANTOWN, W.Va. -- We can only imagine how enjoyable that flight home was for the Boston College party.	1
Moderate Earthquake Shakes Western Japan A moderate earthquake shook western Japan on Tuesday, two days after over 40 people were injured when two strong quakes hit the region.	0
Juve Lead Is Cut AC Milan closed the gap on leaders Juventus to four points after receiving a helping hand from city-rivals Inter. Having already won their game at Chievo earlier in the day thanks to on-loan Chelsea striker 	1
Rosy outlook from Greenspan fails to sway many economists WASHINGTON : The upbeat outlook from Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has failed to convince many economists, who argue that the United States is likely to see tepid growth at best in the near future.	2
Santos May Report 40 Drop in First-Half Profit as Output Fell Santos Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest natural gas producer, may report first-half profit fell 40 percent after a fire on New Year #39;s Day at its gas processing plant in central Australia cut production.	2
Dent rains down the aces on a day of wet weather BEIJING: Big-hitting Taylor Dent rained down 16 aces Tuesday on the way to a first-round victory at the \$500,000 China Open before the skies dropped water to wash away play.	1
Alitalia Signs Deal With Attendants (AP) AP - Near-bankrupt Italian flagship carrier Alitalia won approval from flight attendants Saturday for a job-cutting plan  #151; the last in a series of labor deals crucial to saving the airline from collapse.	2
Ukraine parliament passes plan to weaken presidency (AFP) AFP - Ukraine's parliament overwhelmingly passed a bill to weaken presidential powers and change electoral law, breaking an impasse between outgoing President Leonid Kuchma and the opposition.	0
Japan Expresses  #39;serious Concern #39; About N Korean Missiles In &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIJING (AFP) - Japanese negotiators told North Korea they had  quot;serious concern quot; about its missile program in talks that extended for a second day in Beijing, a Japanese diplomat said.	0
Moody #39;s raises Dell #39;s senior unsecured debt rating NEW YORK, Aug 18 - Moody #39;s Investors Service said on Wednesday it raised the senior unsecured debt rating of Dell Inc. (DELL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) with a stable outlook citing the firm #39;s strong balance sheet and solid operating and financial ...	2
Napster founder introduces new file-sharing service Shawn Fanning, founder of Napster, worlds first file trading peer-to-peer network, is back in full force to legalize music swapping with his new venture.	3
Discontent in China boils into public protest When the local government announced it was going to confiscate their homes and businesses to make room for a new development, residents of this village in southeastern China fought back.	0
EU Clears Disney-Columbia British Venture European Union regulators Thursday cleared a joint venture between The Walt Disney Company, Columbia Pictures Corp. Ltd., and Britain #39;s ON Demand Group to provide a video-on-demand service in Britain and Ireland.	2
Trail Blazers Edge Celtics 89-87 Portland Trail Blazers #39; Zach Randolph, right, loses the ball as Boston Celtics #39; Gary Payton looks on during the second quarter Thursday, Dec. 9, 2004, at the Rose Garden in Portland, Ore.	1
QB Tate to Lead Injured Hawkeyes Vs. PSU (AP) AP - No. 25 Iowa is having a hard time keeping its tailbacks healthy.	1
Opening an Age of Adventure? It has been more than three decades since that era of Hair-raising silliness has passed. The tie-dyes to die for (if they don #39;t kill you on first glance) have been exiled to episodes of 	3
NASA Capsule Containing Solar Wind Particles Crashes (Update1) A space capsule containing NASA #39;s first sample from space in more than 30 years crashed into the Utah desert today after its parachutes failed to open.	3
US firms announce 104,530 job cuts in November, survey shows (AFP) AFP - US employers announced plans in November to step up job cuts, with the total exceeding 100,000 for the third month in a row, an industry survey showed.	2
Update 6: Dutch Steelmaker Buying ISG in \$4.5B Deal Steel tycoon Lakshmi Mittal announced plans Monday to take over US steelmaker International Steel Group as part of a three-way merger to create a global metals mammoth.	2
Former US Marine in Iraq tells Canadian board some comrades became &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A former US Marine in Iraq, testifying Wednesday at a hearing for an American military deserter seeking asylum in Canada, said several men 	0
As Ivorian crisis deepens, so do concerns for region NIAMEY, Niger -- French troop reinforcements flew to the coastal city of Abidjan in riot-torn Ivory Coast yesterday amid rising concerns that the conflict between government and rebel forces was on the verge of spiraling out of control and could dramatically hurt its West African neighbors.	0
US officers to check US-bound cargo shipped from Dubai port DUBAI (AFP) - Dubai port, a leading world operator, signed a deal with the United States under which US officers will help screen US-bound containers that have been identified as a potential terrorist risk.	2
Afghans Say bin Laden Trail Has Grown Cold &lt;I&gt;National Geographic&lt;/I&gt; writer Tim McGirk discusses post-election Afghanistan and the hunt for international terrorist Osama bin Laden.	3
Ruiz #39;s manager Stone suspended The New York State Athletic Commission wasted no time taking action against Norman Stone, the bombastic manager of World Boxing Association heavyweight 	1
World #39;s first five-megapixel camera phone KOREAN giant Samsung Electronics said it had developed the world #39;s first handphone equipped with a state of the art five-megapixel camera.	3
Approval for New Stadium in Washington Hits a Snag Maybe the idea of financing a new stadium here for the relocated Montreal Expos seemed easy last month when the city received the news that Major League Baseball would send the team to the nation #39;s capital.	1
Spartans outplayed by George Washington in first round of BB amp;T &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Washington, DC - The No. 11 MSU basketball team lost 96-83 to George Washington Saturday afternoon in the first-round of the BB amp;T Classic.	1
American Alvin Harrison Banned for Four Years Olympic 400 meter relay gold medallist Alvin Harrison has accepted a four-year ban for drugs violations, the United States Anti-Doping Agency said on Tuesday.	1
Seiko Epson unveil updated micro flying robot Seiko Epson have unveiled their latest wireless flying micro-robot named the FR-II. The successor to the FR robot the latest micromechatronic contraption has a number of improvements.	3
Former con man joins crime battle FORMER con artist Frank Abagnale, whose life was portrayed in the film Catch Me if You Can, has been recruited to help in the battle against cyber crime as spokesman for the National Cyber Security Alliance (NCSA) in a forthcoming campaign.	3
7 DAYS MONDAY &lt;br&gt;NFL ON DEMAND &lt;br&gt;EXTENDED HIGHLIGHTS &lt;br&gt;With the addition of the NFL Network to Comcast and Starpower cable, digital subscribers can now access free highlights of every NFL game. Minus broadcast network mumbo-jumbo commentary, the highlights last eight to 20 minutes...	1
New bid to end talks deadlock Northern Ireland Secretary Paul Murphy and Irish foreign minister Brian Cowen will chair talks involving unionists and nationalists at Stormont aimed at ending the stand-off over proposed changes to devolution.	0
Australia red-faced BUOYANT New Zealand captain Stephen Fleming was relieved to have enlivened a dormant summer after his Black Caps conjured a stunning four-wicket win against Australia in the opening 	1
Suns Defeat Jazz 115-102 (AP) AP - Steve Nash had 20 points and 14 assists to lead the Phoenix Suns to their eighth straight win, 115-102 over the Utah Jazz on Tuesday night.	1
Shock Hazard Prompts Lexmark Recall The US Consumer Product Safety Commission said Tuesday that Lexmark International has voluntarily recalled more than 39,400 laser printers, under the Lexmark, Dell and IBM brands, for their potential to deliver electrical shocks.	3
Injury fears allayed over Celtic #39;s McNamara Injury fears over Celtic skipper Jackie McNamara have subsided after a scan revealed he has not broken his ankle. It was initially feared that McNamara had broken his ankle after a clash against Barcelona #39;s Ludovic Giuly on Tuesday night.	1
Hague Court Imposes Defense Counsel on Milosevic (Reuters) Reuters - Judges at The Hague tribunal on\Thursday imposed a defense counsel on former Yugoslav President\Slobodan Milosevic to avoid further delays in his war crimes\trial.	0
Johnson  amp; Johnson missing out on stent sales Johnson  amp; Johnson can't supply cardiac stents fast enough to capitalize on three recent recalls by archrival Boston Scientific Corp. , say cardiologists who use both companies' medical devices.	2
IBM seeks dismissal in second part of SCO case SAN FRANCISCO - IBM Corp. is seeking dismissal of a second major component of the lawsuit filed against it last year by Unix vendor The SCO Group Inc., according to court documents filed Friday by IBM. The documents, filed with the U.S. District Court for the District of Utah, argue that SCO's breach of contract allegations should be dismissed from the lawsuit.	3
Dynogen enters drug licensing deal Dynogen Pharmaceuticals Inc. of Waltham said it licensed a late-stage drug candidate from Mitsubishi Pharma Corp. Terms weren't disclosed. The compound, pumosetrag, is thought to be helpful to patients suffering from a variety of gastrointestinal conditions, such as irritable bowel syndrome. Dynogen, a privately held firm, said it plans to start new clinical trials with pumosetrag next year. Mitsubishi, part ...	2
Campbell delivers win ATLANTA - Let there be no doubt: The Auburn football team is the undisputed champion of the Southeastern Conference. And let it be written that Jason Campbell made it so.	1
Venture by Time Warner And Microsoft Unsettles EU A Bethesda company owned by Microsoft Corp. and Time Warner Inc. is the subject of a European Union investigation into whether the company #39;s software will give the two media giants a monopoly in copyright protection.	2
Egypt Sees Move Towards Israel-Palestinian Peace  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Egypt's official news agency said  Tuesday significant progress had been made in international  efforts to end Israeli-Palestinian violence, but both sides to  the conflict termed talk of a deal premature.	0
Suit claims Microsoft hurt Novell Days after collecting a \$536 million antitrust settlement from Microsoft Corp., Novell returned to court Friday to claim the technology giant used its market dominance to shut out WordPerfect and other software in the mid-1990s.	2
New fertility treatment 'closer' Women may be able to have unfertilised eggs routinely frozen during fertility treatment rather than just embryos after research.	0
Ahead Pushes Nero Digital Format for DVDs Deal with ESS Technology will add support for Ahead's variant of the MPEG-4 video format on DVD players.	3
NVIDIA and Sony hook-up Electronic voting in the US. The saga continues. Here is an interesting comparision with a Venezuelan referendum.  quot;80 of Americans could correctly name the first President Bush #39;s pet dog Millie, but only 	3
COL FB: Auburn 34, Tennessee 10 Jason Campbell passed for 252 yards and two touchdowns Saturday to lead the ninth-ranked Auburn Tigers over eighth-ranked Tennessee, 34-10.	1
US Stocks Gain; Shares of Citigroup, Bank of America Advance US stocks gained on optimism that third-quarter earnings this week from companies including Citigroup Inc. and Bank of America Corp.	2
Inzaghi is ready to face Barcelona ROME, Italy -- The battle for control of Champions League Group F match begins in earnest on Wednesday when AC Milan face Barcelona at Rome #39;s San Siro stadium.	1
Quantum Astronomy: The Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - This is the second article in a series of four articles each with a separate explanation of different quantum phenomena. Each article is a piece of a mosaic, so every one is needed to understand the final explanation of the quantum astronomy experiment we propose, possibly using the Allen Array Telescope and the narrow-band radio-wave detectors being build by the SETI Institute and the University of California, Berkeley.	3
Nintendo's innards Wondering what your shiny new Nintendo DS looks like on the inside? Lik Sang saves you the voided warranty with a new photo gallery showing a detailed dissection of the new handheld game machine. Missing Links	3
Resident Evil 4 Exclusive No More November 01, 2004 - It looks like the folks at Capcom Entertainment were only kidding when they sternly insisted over and over again that the GameCube action-thriller Resident Evil 4 would forever remain exclusive to Nintendo #39;s console.	3
Halliburton to Restructure KBR Unit (Reuters) Reuters - Halliburton Co.  said on\Thursday it would restructure its KBR unit and may shed the\business if the oil services company's stock performance keeps\lagging its peers.	2
Alessandro Petacchi Claims 2nd Stage of Tour of Spain Italian cyclist Alessandro Petacchi won the second stage of the Tour of Spain in a mass sprint finish, as Dutchman Max van Heeswijk claimed the leader #39;s yellow jersey.	1
Hollywood backs HD DVD Hollywood film studios have pledged support for one of the competing formats battling for primacy in the DVD market. The group supporting the HD DVD optical disc format for high-definition video is vying with the rival Blu-ray Disc format .	3
NL Wrap: Ramirez Shines in Cubs Victory Over Reds (Reuters) Reuters - Aramis Ramirez homered three times and\drove in all of Chicago's runs as the Cubs edged the Cincinnati\Reds 5-4 in National League play at the Great American Ballpark\on Thursday.	1
Japan typhoon kills two The most powerful typhoon to hit eastern Japan in a decade has headed out to sea after pummelling Tokyo, leaving two dead, snarling transport on a long holiday weekend and forcing thousands in the countryside to evacuate.	0
Sony keeps PSP production low, focuses on PS2 Low initial shipment figures for Sony #39;s forthcoming PlayStation Portable are down to a decision to focus on manufacturing the profitable PlayStation 2 hardware, according to a spokesperson for the Japanese giant.	3
Gap 3Q Earnings Meet Analysts' Estimates (AP) AP - Gap Inc.'s third-quarter profit improved slightly even as the clothing retailer's sales began to sag.	2
Pakistan sweep nets bomb suspects Pakistan has arrested more than five suspects in a plot to bomb several high-profile targets in Islamabad, including the US Embassy and the official residences of Pakistan #39;s president, Gen.	0
Report: Israel set to collide with EU Confidential Israeli report also warns of country becoming a  #39;pariah state #39; like apartheid-era South Africa. Israel could one day become a  quot;pariah state quot; like apartheid-era South Africa.	0
GOLF: Woods-Mickelson not dream team Tiger Woods paired with Phil Mickelson. A dream team in golf gloves. Together, they would lead the charge at the Ryder Cup, carry the United States into an early lead, discourage the Europeans, ignite the home crowd.	1
AMD launches Sempron for low power notebooks AMD has released the Mobile AMD Sempron processor 3000  #39;for Thin and Light Notebooks #39;. The low-power processor is aimed at entry-level notebooks, as opposed to the 3000 Mobile AMD Sempron Processor for Full-Size Notebooks.	3
Got Firefox? I #39;m dating myself here, but I can vividly recall the web browser scene ten years ago, when I #39;d eagerly download every new version of Netscape Navigator the moment it was released.	3
Too Good to Be True Baseball's back in Washington. So with that award comes an acceptance letter to highlight those efforts that made this dream come to fruition.	1
Avery Johnson announces retirement Avery Johnson announced his retirement Thursday, officially ending his 16-year playing career and becoming a full-time assistant coach for the Dallas Mavericks.	1
Well, it worked for Bill So let me get this straight: Barry Bonds used steroids, but he didn #39;t inhale?***Mr. Schwarzenegger, meet your new lieutenant governor.	1
Trojan Mugs UK Web Banking Customers The Banker-AJ trojan has been coded to lie dormant in the background on infected Windows PCs. When users visit legitimate online banking Web sites of certain UK banks, the malicious code is 	3
Shanghai set for Formula One race China is hosting its first Formula One Grand Prix on a gleaming new \$240 million circuit in Shanghai.	0
Yukos faces \$6.2bn tax deadline Russian oil giant Yukos says it is about to miss a deadline on a back tax payment of more than \$6bn due from 2002.	2
Court Throws Out Hollinger Int'l Lawsuit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A U.S. court on Friday dealt a blow to  Hollinger International Inc.'s &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HLR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;HLR.N&lt;/A&gt; efforts to recover \$1.25  billion from ex-chairman Conrad Black and others, dismissing  its racketeering lawsuit against them.	2
Inter Conquer Brussels Inter emerged as the winners over Anderlecht in Brussels to claim the first spot in the Champions League Group G. The nerazzurri took the lead nearly immediately when Adriano from the left served a low powerful 	1
Guarding of Ukraine central election commission relieved KIEV, November 3 (Itar-Tass) - Water cannons and armoured personnel carriers were removed from the territory of the Ukrainian central election commission on Wednesday.	0
Leading Indicators Fall 0.3 Pct. in Oct. The economy could be headed for slower growth in the next several months, according to a report released Thursday by a private research group.	2
Southern Co. Quarterly Profit Rises  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Southern Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;SO.N&lt;/A&gt;, which supplies  power to the U.S. Southeast, said Thursday its third-quarter  earnings rose slightly, as increased energy use in the  industrial sector and more customers outweighed mild weather  and hurricane damage.	2
Ponting ruled out of second Test as well SYDNEY, Sep 30: Australian skipper Ricky Ponting was also ruled out of the second Test against India, Cricket Australia said Thursday after receiving medical advice on his injured thumb.	1
Beckham suffers rib fracture Having reminded Mancunians of what they are missing courtesy of a superlative goal at Old Trafford yesterday, David Beckham will sit out England #39;s World Cup qualifier in Azerbaijan on Wednesday 	1
LeFors keeps Cardinals rolling LOUISVILLE, Ky.  Stefan LeFors threw three touchdown passes Wednesday night as No. 12 Louisville rolled to a 55-28 victory over TCU.	1
Cott Q3 profit falls 14, 2004 profit target lowered; makes US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Cott Corp. lowered its 2004 profit target Wednesday as it announced a 14 per cent drop in quarterly profits and two small US acquisitions.	2
Group can do little to increase production or drive down costs Ministers for the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries are gathering in Vienna on Wednesday to grapple with whipsawing prices and the world #39;s seemingly insatiable demand for oil.	2
Delta slashes 7,000 jobs, Dallas hub Airline warns it may file for bankruptcy if too many senior pilots take early retirement option. Delta Air LInes #39; CEO says it faces bankruptcy if it can #39;t slow the pace of pilots taking early retirement.	2
Dutch step up Muslim protection Police patrols are to be increased in a Dutch city where tensions are high after an Islamic school was bombed.	0
Game Boy Player I #39;ve been playing with the Game Boy Player since it #39;s March release in Japan. If you have any interest in some of the awesome Game Boy Advance games and don #39;t own a Game Boy Advance system already, this is a must buy.	3
Judgement day looms for Button Jenson Button #39;s Formula One future should be decided on Saturday at a hearing that will also determine several other drivers #39; hopes of racing next year.	1
Music labels embrace P2P network Wurld Media has concluded agreements with Sony BMG, Universal Music Group and Warner Music Group to facilitate the licensing of music exchanged on its peer-to-peer music network.	3
SpaceShipOne repeats its feat The craft wins the \$10 million Ansari X Prize for private space travel when it reaches 100km for the second time.	3
International Paper Has Loss After Charge  NEW YORK (Reuters) - International Paper Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;IP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest forest products company, on Tuesday reported a  third-quarter loss after charges for the write-down of Canadian  assets.	2
Choppers fight high-rise blaze MILITARY helicopters doused one of Venezuela #39;s tallest buildings with water yesterday, bringing under control a blaze that many feared would cause the tower to collapse.	0
Survey: Consumers Cautious on US Economy NEW YORK Aug. 27, 2004 - Consumers became a bit more optimistic toward the end of the August but still felt more cautious on the US economy than they did a month ago, according to survey by the University of Michigan.	2
U.S. Vets Make Case for Kerry in Vietnam (AP) AP - Vietnam veterans supporting John Kerry for president made their case Friday in the heart of what was once enemy territory.	0
CRACKNELL TAKES YEAR OFF Olympic rowing hero James Cracknell has revealed a lack of hunger was behind his decision to take a year away from the sport. The 32-year-old, who was part of the British gold-medal winning coxless fours in 	1
Microsoft Licenses ActiveSync For Motorola, PalmOne Smart Phones Microsoft has licensed its ActiveSync technology to OEM partners Motorola and PalmOne to enable a new class of non-Windows smart phones to wirelessly synchronize with Exchange Server 2003.	3
Blood test in Olympic case spotlights a growing field of screening devices The blood test that showed evidence of banned transfusions by Olympic cyclist Tyler Hamilton is only one of several next-generation technologies coming to market to combat drugs in sports, athletic officials said yesterday.	2
Dollar Steadies After Fall on Jobs (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. dollar steadied against the\yen and euro on Monday after suffering sharp losses on\weaker-than expected job growth figures that raised questions\about the need for further U.S. rate rises this year.	2
Radcliffe redeems herself as she wins New York Marathon (AFP) AFP - Britain's Paula Radcliffe, whose bid for Olympic gold ended in tears, won the New York Marathon, outlasting Kenya's Susan Chepkemei in the tighest women's duel in the race's history.	0
AMD Introduces 64-Bit Mobile Processor AMD has launched the Mobile AMD Athlon 64 processor, a low-power version of its 32/64-bit chip aimed at the thin-and-light notebook market.	3
Italy Transports 360 Migrants to Libya Italian military planes carried 360 would-be migrants from the Italian island of Lampedusa to Libya on Wednesday, a move that officials here described as an emergency response 	0
Sun readies app server upgrade Sun Microsystems is readying an upgrade to its enterprise-level application server and is touting new downloading figures as evidence of the companys growing presence in the application server market.	3
Tight Lies Tour Goes Against the Grain (AP) AP - The Tight Lies Tour is one of several regional circuits for players with aspirations of making the big leagues. One of its alumni is Ryan Palmer, who held off Vijay Singh last month at Disney for his first PGA Tour victory.	1
Japan Supreme Court approves UFJ-Mitsubishi Tokyo Merger Talks The Supreme Court rejected an appeal by Sumitomo Trust  amp; Banking Co against a Tokyo High Court decision on Aug 11 lifting a ban imposed by the Tokyo District Court on UFJ including its trust bank unit in the merger talks.	2
Howard has no regrets on Iraq as poll battle goes down to wire The Australian Prime Minister, John Howard, yesterday called on voters to trust him and refused to express regret over the Iraq war ahead of tomorrow #39;s general election.	0
Grid computing applied to IT automation Year-old start-up Cassatt has launched a new service for automating IT operations using grid technology. Cassatt will aid the management and aggregation of a large number of machines 	3
Exabyte adds new tape storage Exabyte has announced the release of the Magnum 1X7 LTO Autoloader, a 2U, rack-mountable, automated backup and restore system for less that \$5,000.	3
Groups: Ill. Butterfly Population Falling (AP) AP - The number of butterflies fluttering around the Chicago area has dropped dramatically this summer, experts and enthusiasts say.	3
Bomb scare forces Israeli fighters to intercept aircraft Israeli fighter jets forced a passenger plane bound for Tel Aviv to land in Cyprus yesterday in the sixth such bomb scare to hit flights over Europe in the past week.	0
Health Highlights: Sept. 7, 2004 Here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by editors of HealthDay:    ------      Early Puberty Increases Risk of Substance Abuse      Youngsters who begin puberty at an early age are more likely to experiment with and abuse alcohol, tobacco, and marijuana than kids who start puberty at a later age, says a Australian study in the September issue of the journal Pediatrics.      The study found that early puberty was more important than school grade or age in influencing this kind of behavior...	3
Technology drives toward the future, throws retail items to the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Now shows can be recorded without anything physical to record them on. The same goes for music. The days of tape-cassette #39;s are long-gone, but CDs could be on their way out, too.	3
Sharon defeated in crunch party vote BEIJING, Aug.19 (Xinhuanet) -- Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has failed to garner the support of the Likud Party Convention for his resolution to negotiate with the Labor Party over a coalition government, according to a CNN report. 	0
Shooting: 'Wrong Target' Drama Costs U.S. Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - American Matthew Emmons fired at the  wrong target on the verge of victory in the Olympics men's  50-meter rife three-position target event to surrender an  almost certain gold medal to China's Jia Zhanbo on Sunday.	1
Mars Was Wet, Studies Say, But Was It Inhabited? Scientists say there is no doubt that abundant water once soaked Mars. Now the big question is whether the red planet ever supported life. Some experts say the early signs are promising.	3
Wenger says he #39;s committed to Arsenal and not tempted by Madrid Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger said Friday he had no desire to leave the club and planned to sign a new contract to keep him at Highbury until at least 2008.	1
Tuesday #39;s AL Capsules Mike Mussina pitched three-hit ball for eight innings and struck out a season-high 11, leading the New York Yankees over the Kansas City Royals 4-0 Tuesday night.	1
Architectural Benefactor J. Irwin Miller Dies J. Irwin Miller, 95, the industrialist and philanthropist who guided Cummins Engine Co. to international prominence and helped shape his home town of Columbus, Ind., into an architectural gem, died Aug. 16 at his home in Columbus. No cause of death was ...	2
SCO Gives up on Linux Website Richard Mathias writes  quot;Following on from the posting a month ago, where SCO said it was going to launch a new website to counteract Groklaw and give its side of things - well, now the company looks like it #39;s given up on the whole plan.	3
Two Investment Banks Settle with SEC  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.  and  Thomas Weisel Partners agreed to pay a combined \$100 million to  settle charges involving conflicts of interest between research  and investment banking, U.S. regulators said on Thursday.	2
Conn. man charged with selling secret Windows code A 27-year-old Connecticut man was arrested today on charges he offered online to sell the source code for Microsoft's Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 2000 programs.	3
High Carb Heaven in Outer Space From 26,000 light-years-- near the center of our galaxy-- comes a radio signal that can be interpreted as a cloud of sugar molecules, one key component of what might have assisted the development of life if transported on primordial comets.    Astrobiology Magazine -- Astronomers using the National Science Foundation's giant Robert C...	3
Oil Charges Over \$50 on Nigeria Threat Oil prices raced to new record highs above \$50 on Tuesday as rebel threats against Nigerian oil facilities threatened to inflict further strain on global supplies.	2
Car Bomb Kills Seven, Wounds 20 in Iraq  BAIJI, Iraq (Reuters) - A car bomb exploded in a crowded  market in a town north of Baghdad on Tuesday, killing at least  seven people and wounding 20, underlining Iraq's severe  security problems with elections just two months away.	0
Iraqi Militants Behead American An Iraqi group led by al Qaeda ally Abu Musab Zarqawi beheaded American Eugene Armstrong and posted a video of the killing on the Internet on Monday.	0
White House Proposes Intelligence Changes WASHINGTON - The White House has drafted executive orders aimed at implementing the Sept. 11 commission's recommendations for a more powerful intelligence director and a new national counterterrorism center...	0
Nepal to Respond to Rebels on Talks, Strike Holds  KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Nepal was preparing a response to the  latest terms for fresh talks from Maoist rebels, a minister  said on Wednesday, as nearly half of the kingdom shut down for  a second day in a rebel-sponsored strike.	0
Elizabeth Edwards Has Breast Cancer (AP) AP - Elizabeth Edwards, wife of former Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards, was diagnosed with breast cancer the day her husband and Sen. John Kerry conceded the presidential race.	0
BABC stops Magic act Led by a backcourt rotation that has left fans and college scouts alike salivating, the Boston Amateur Basketball Club dismantled the Bay State Magic, 72-58, in the final of the annual Veterans Day Classic held at Chelsea High School yesterday. Newton North's Anthony Gurley poured in 22 for BABC while Iowa State-bound Farnold DeGand, who will suit up for O'Bryant ...	1
McDonald #39;s salads break Olympic record US fastfood giant McDonald #39;s says that sales at its three restaurants around Olympic venues in Greece have so far exceeded its expectations, according to CRIENGLISH.	1
DreamWorks Animation Will Sell 29 Million Shares Katzenberg is taking the animation unit public in a year that has seen box office success for the studio:  quot;Shrek 2 quot; has brought in \$876.	2
Compete against your friends, SI experts and celebrities in this pro football pickoff PHILADELPHIA -- In his own inimitable fashion, Terrell Owens made it quite clear during the offseason that, all in all, he #39;d rather be in Philadelphia. He squawked long and loud, and eventually whined his way out of Baltimore. 	1
A Seashore Fight to Harness the Wind A proposal to build the world's largest offshore wind power plant in Nantucket Sound is pitting environmentalists against opponents who foresee it as a blight.	3
Six Killed in Ghanaian Cargo Plane Crash - Company (Reuters) Reuters - Freight company MK Airlines confirmed on\Thursday that one of its Ghanaian-registered Boeing 747 cargo\planes crashed in Halifax, Canada, killing all six crew members\aboard.	0
 quot;Scramjet quot; Breaks Speed Record It #39;s small, but it #39;s fast, as NASA #39;s unmanned  quot;scramjet quot; proved Tuesday in a record-breaking demonstration above the Pacific Ocean.	3
Heat is on MTFG to place UFJ bid Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group Inc. was under pressure Wednesday to come up with a takeover offer for UFJ Holdings Inc. that would fend off an unexpectedly generous \$29 billion rival bid by Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc.	2
Dream Team Stunned by Puerto Rico 92-73 ATHENS, Greece - In an upset that was as historic as it was inevitable, the U.S. men's basketball team lost for only the third time ever in the Olympics on Sunday, 92-73 to Puerto Rico...	0
SD in the cards for Nokia &lt;a href=""http://news.zdnet.co.uk/hardware/mobile/0,39020360,39166545,00.htm""&gt;Nokia gives SD cards its blessing&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;ZDNet.co.uk&lt;/nobr&gt;	3
Cincinnati Looks to Shed Bungles Image (AP) AP - From the opening kickoff, it was awful. The Cincinnati Bengals got blown out in their last nationally televised appearance, a 30-3 loss to Atlanta two years ago that cemented their reputation as the NFL's most bungling outfit. They've spent two years trying to block it out.	1
Power outage wreaks havoc in Bronx Perhaps it won #39;t rank in the memory banks of New Yorkers to the extent the 1965, 1977 or 2003 blackouts do, but for the 53,530 in attendance at Yankee Stadium for Friday #39;s game against the Anaheim Angels, the unplugged ...	1
Seattle Mariners Team Report - September 21 (Sports Network) - The Mariners will try to get back on the winning track tonight, when they battle the Anaheim Angels in the middle test of a three- game series.	1
Bus swept into China river, 3 dead, 41 missing A sudden flood surge on a river in China swept an overcrowded bus full of young students and farmers into a river, killing three people and leaving 41 missing, state media said on Sunday.	0
British envoys head to Baghdad The senior Islamic body in Britain, the Muslim Council of Britain, has sent two envoys to Baghdad to try to secure the release of the kidnapped engineer Kenneth Bigley.	0
Cal-USC An extraordinary show LOS ANGELES - In his opening statement to the bloated media corps here late yesterday afternoon, USC coach Pete Carroll trotted out these adjectives: Exciting, tense, fantastic, incredible, wonderful, exquisite.	1
UK ; Prince Charles hits back UK News, The Prince of Wales is taking the unprecedented step of hitting back at criticism from senior politicians over his views on education.	0
Slowdown in eurozone growth is only temporary: ECB (AFP) AFP - The slowdown in economic growth seen in the 12-country eurozone in the third quarter of this year is only ""temporary,"" the European Central Bank's chief economist Otmar Issing said in a newspaper interview.	2
Nets get Carter from Raptors INDIANAPOLIS -- All-Star Vince Carter was traded by the Toronto Raptors to the New Jersey Nets for Alonzo Mourning, Eric Williams, Aaron Williams, and a pair of first-round draft picks yesterday.	1
Dawson drives Crimson EASTON, Pa. -- Lafayette's offense excited its homecoming crowd of 5,365 with 399 total yards yesterday, but it was still no match for Harvard.	1
Square Enix, Gamemakers Count on Sony, Nintendo to Boost Sales Square Enix, the world #39;s biggest maker of role-playing computer games, and rivals including Koei Co. are counting on the new consoles from Japan #39;s Sony Corp.	3
Joint Operation Hauls in ETA Suspects (AP) AP - Two of Spain's most wanted terror suspects and at least 16 other alleged members of the armed Basque separatist group ETA were captured Sunday in a vast French-Spanish police operation, authorities said.	0
Sudanese blood on UN hands No discussion of war in Iraq - Thursday night #39;s presidential debate included - would be complete without a headmaster #39;s scolding of the arrogant and trigger-happy US government.	0
2 telltale signs that show it #39;s time to dump a stock The last time I looked, shares of discount retailer 99 Cents Only were trading at \$14 or so, down around 60 percent from their summer 2003 mid- \$30 trading range.	2
Verizon, Qwest Ask Court to Block FCC  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Verizon Communications Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VZ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;VZ.N&lt;/A&gt;  and Qwest Communications International Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=Q.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;Q.N&lt;/A&gt; asked a  federal appeals court Tuesday to block temporary rules by the  U.S. Federal Communications Commission forcing the companies to  lease phone lines to rivals for at least another six months.	2
Microsoft, HP, IBM safe from Kodak software patent SAN FRANCISCO - Though a Friday patent lawsuit verdict against Sun Microsystems Inc. could potentially have a wide-ranging impact on the computer industry, the ruling appears unlikely to affect three of the world's largest IT companies, who have licensed the technology in question. Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp. and Microsoft Corp. are licensees of the software patents in question, the patents' owner, Eastman Kodak Co., confirmed Monday.	3
Groups Meet to Discuss Climate Change New strategies to confront global warming took center stage in Buenos Aires on Monday, where thousands of environmentalists and government policy-makers gathered for an international conference on climate change.	0
Arabs Enraged at U.S. Soldier Shooting Wounded Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - Arabs were torn between seething rage at\images of a U.S. soldier shooting dead a wounded Iraqi in a\mosque and dismay at Iraqi insurgents in Falluja for turning\holy mosques into battlegrounds.	0
IAEA moves to verify Iran #39;s nuclear suspension The International Atomic Energy Agency has started to supervise Iran #39;s suspension of the issue of Uranium nuclear enrichment program, but says it will be days before the agency can confirm that the Tehran has fully complied.	0
Charter will add phone service Madison area cable provider Charter Communications is set to complete the  quot;telecom triple play quot; with the addition of phone service.	2
Wonder Bread Baker Stock Drops 25 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  Interstate Bakeries Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;IBC.N&lt;/A&gt;,  maker of Wonder bread and Hostess Twinkies, on Monday said it  hired a turnaround firm, delayed filing its annual report and  outlined possible credit concerns, sending its shares tumbling  more than 25 percent.	2
Frances-related accident claims Bowden relatives The grandson and former son-in-law of Florida State coach Bobby Bowden were killed late Sunday when their car was hit by a utility truck traveling from Texas to Florida to help restore power outages caused by Hurricane Frances.	1
Media maven begins five-month sentence NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Martha Stewart entered a minimum security federal prison in West Virginia shortly after 6 am Friday to begin her five-month sentence for lying to investigators about her sale of ImClone stock.	2
Girl, 5, saves baby sister from dingo in island hotel horror WHEN Belinda Corke heard her five-year-old daughter, Georgia, shout  quot;Dingo, dingo quot;, she thought the child had spotted one of the wild dogs near their hotel.	0
Burundi, Rwanda threaten Congo invasion BUJUMBURA, Burundi -- Burundi and Rwanda threatened yesterday to send soldiers into neighboring Congo to hunt down Hutu extremists responsible for slaughtering more than 160 Congolese Tutsi refugees at a UN camp in Burundi -- deployments that could reignite a regional conflict in this part of Africa.	0
Microsoft Debuts MSN Spaces for Bloggers (AP) AP - Hoping to keep more Internet users in its branded universe, Microsoft Corp. has become the latest company to offer blogging to the masses.	3
U.S. Treasury Debt Prices Take a Hit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices took a hit  on Wednesday as lackluster interest in new five-year notes left  investors skittish just two days before the crucial September  jobs report.	2
Continued growth in US services sector NEW YORK, November 3 (newratings.com) - The US services sector witnessed a continued upturn for the nineteenth consecutive month in October this year, the Institute of Supply Management (ISM) reported today.	2
Ravens Waive Morrow, Cut Eight Players (AP) AP - The Baltimore Ravens terminated the contract of special teams standout Harold Morrow and cut eight players, including 2004 draft picks Tony Pashos and Brian Rimpf.	1
Gordon Cooper, astronaut on final Mercury mission WASHINGTON Gordon Cooper, the astronaut who flew the last of the pioneering Mercury space missions and stayed aloft in a Gemini capsule long enough to demonstrate that a trip to the moon was feasible, died at his home in Ventura, California, NASA announced 	3
Report: E-voting problems cause loss of votes WASHINGTON - Electronic voting machine problems caused more than 4,500 votes to be lost in one North Carolina county during Tuesday's general election, and gave U.S. President George Bush more than 3,800 extra votes in an Ohio county, according to reports by the Associated Press.	3
Sun, Microsoft to detail interoperability next month SEPTEMBER 14, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Sun Microsystems Inc. and Microsoft Corp. next month plan to provide more details on the work they are doing to make their products interoperable, a Sun executive said yesterday.	3
Cornell scientists look at lilacs for evidence of earlier spring As the first signs of winter push into the Northeast, Cornell University researchers have some good news for fair weather fans _ spring is coming a week earlier than it did 40 years ago.	3
DuPont Faces New Complaint Chemical giant DuPont Co. withheld information from federal officials that indicates a dozen residents near its Parkersburg, W.Va.	3
Anaheim a win from title Bartolo Colon cruised along, refusing to show any emotion until the final out. Then, he quickly found catcher Jose Molina and gave him a huge hug.	1
Sudan seeks talks with new group The Sudanese government says it will open talks with a new rebel group from the troubled region of Darfur.	0
Deion Sanders Out for Ravens Baltimore Ravens cornerback Deion Sanders was inactive for Sunday #39;s game against the New York Jets with a toe injury, while Jets defensive end Shaun Ellis also was out with a strained groin.	1
Carl Zeiss in \$1.1bn deal to purchase Sola Germany #39;s Carl Zeiss, which makes binoculars, microscopes and lenses for Hasselblad cameras, said yesterday it had joined with private equity firm EQT to acquire California 	2
THE GAMES NOTEBOOK Thessaloniki, Greece. Iraq #39;s quest for its first Olympic medal since 1960 came up short yesterday when its surprising soccer team lost 1-0 to Italy in the bronze-medal game.	1
Sports: F-One qualifying postponed SUZUKA, Japan - Qualifying for this weekend #39;s Japanese Grand Prix on the Formula One racing tour is rescheduled because of a typhoon forecast.	1
General Mills Profit Drops as Costs Rise  CHICAGO (Reuters) - General Mills Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GIS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GIS.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  reported a steeper fall in quarterly earnings than Wall Street  had expected due to higher costs of key food ingredients and  promotional spending.	2
Firefox 1.0 open-source Web browser After a year in development, The Mozilla Foundation has finally released the full  #39;official #39; version of its already popular open-source Web browser, Firefox.	3
Japan gives OK to Sun desktop suite Ministry of Economy Trade and Industry will consider company's open-source desktop suite for future bids. 	3
Is Google Page Rank Still Important? Is Google Page Rank Still Important?\\Since 1998 when Sergey Brin and Larry Page developed the Google search engine, it has relied (and continues to rely) on the Page Rank Algorithm. Googles reasoning behind this is, the higher the number of inbould links pointing to a website, the more valuable that ...	3
Blast in Egypt-Israel Border Hotel, Bomb Suspected (Reuters) Reuters - A huge blast tore through an Egyptian\hotel used by vacationing Israelis at the border resort of Taba\on Thursday, scattering dozens of bodies in what Israeli media\said was a suspected car bombing.	0
Two Ejected in Steelers-Browns Fight (AP) AP - Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Joey Porter and Cleveland Browns running back William Green were ejected before Sunday's game for fighting during warmups.	1
Keeping the Open-Source Spirit Alive in a Commercial World (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - In theory, the open-source concept is simple, elegant, almost utopian: thousands of developers contributing their skills to continually improve and refine a piece of software for the common good.	3
FDA defends its actions on Vioxx safety WASHINGTON - Congress is looking into whether the Food and Drug Administration shirked its duty by ignoring safety concerns about Vioxx raised by its own reviewers and outside scientists.	2
The Dollar Weakens Broadly  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar weakened broadly on  Thursday, reversing a short-lived rally on news that China had  raised interest rates as the market decided Beijing's move did  not radically change dollar-bearish market fundamentals.	2
Trump's Casinos File for Bankruptcy &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Donald Trump's casino operationsfiled for bankruptcy on Sunday in a long-expected move thatwould allow the real estate maverick to restructure thecompany's debt and overhaul its aging casinos.&lt;/p&gt;	2
Myopic Congress lacks spyware focus &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; I (don't) SPY with my little eye	3
Center of the Universe Buschwhacked: Martinez holds listless Cardinals to three hits over seven innings in front of booing St. Louis fans; Red Sox move to within one win of World Series.	1
Golf calendar Outlook: Tommy Armour III broke the PGA #39;s 72-hole scoring record last year with a 26-under par 254. Justin Leonard had back-to-back wins here in 2000-01, and Loren Roberts has finished first and second here in 2002-03.	1
FAA Must Improve Oversight of Hazardous Materials, Report Says The Federal Aviation Administration needs to improve its oversight of air carriers and passengers who bring hazardous materials onto airplanes, according to a report released yesterday 	2
Rovers get another headache A FIRST goal for Charlton from Moroccan defender Tala El Karkouri saw them preserve their unbeaten Premiership home record as they beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0.	1
AT amp;T deepening workforce slashing, taking \$11.4-billion asset &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK (CP) - AT amp;T is deepening its job cuts and now expects to eliminate 20 per cent of its workforce this year. The formerly dominant long-distance telecommunications operator also said Thursday it will 	2
Beijing city slammed over Microsoft deal The Beijing municipal government has come under fire for damaging China #39;s nascent software industry by giving United States software giant Microsoft the lion #39;s share of a large software purchase order.	3
Israel diverts Lufthansa jet to Cyprus Israel has turned away a Lufthansa passenger plane bound for Tel Aviv due to a bomb threat. The plane landed safely in Cyprus on Tuesday after it was escorted by Israeli air force fighters.	0
Iraq welcomes UN nuclear inspectors to return In response to concerns of the disappearance of nuclear materials, Iraqi Science and Technology Minister Rashad Omar told the press Tuesday that UN nuclear inspectors are welcome to return.	0
Rough weekend for Big 12 North Going into the season, there were many uncertainties about the quality of the Big 12 North. And questions remain with Missouri, Kansas State and Nebraska suffering upsets this past week.	1
Nokia Announces Fashion Phones: Nokia 7280, 7270 and 7260 Nokia launched three new phones at a major fashion event that might just match the clothing, purse or jewelry you are wearing. According to the press release: The sleek and sexy Nokia 7280 offers a completely 	3
69 Years Later, Is It Happening Here? Before 1984,  before   The Handmaid's Tale,  before either the movie or  the book by  Stephen King, there was Sinclair Lewis' It Can't Happen Here.    Lewis' vision of an American descent into Fascism is as fresh and disturbing today  as it was when it was written in 1935.  Check out the full text  online,  and consider with me the continuing relevance of this 69 year old warning.	3
ConocoPhillips Buys Stake in Lukoil MOSCOW Sept. 29, 2004 - In a deal paving the way for future joint ventures, US oil giant ConocoPhillips on Wednesday won an auction with a bid of nearly \$2 billion for the Russian government #39;s 7.6 percent stake in Russia #39;s Lukoil the world #39;s No.	2
Air NZ Says Australian Regulator Grants Alliance Appeal Air New Zealand said on Tuesday the Australian Competition Tribunal had approved a proposed alliance with Australia #39;s Qantas, despite its rejection in New Zealand.	2
Beckham - played well on Tyneside (Getty Images) Sven-Goran Eriksson hailed David Beckham #39;s strength of character in recovering from his Euro 2004 woes as he said:  quot;Criticism only makes him stronger. quot; ...	1
OPEC Eyes Caution, Supply Weighs on Price (Reuters) Reuters - OPEC may resist calls to raise oil\output quotas much, if at all, when it meets this week for fear\of turning a decline from record prices into a rout.	2
TV airs inside video of school MOSCOW: A Russian television network Tuesday broadcast footage from the school raided by militants last week depicting hooded attackers in a gymnasium crowded with hostages and strung up with explosives attached to wires.	0
Fossil of Great Ape Ancestor Found A new fossil found in Spain may be the closest yet to the common ancestor of all great apes, perhaps including humans, researchers say.	3
Profiling Technology Speeds Up Fast Food A Pittsburgh start-up, HyperActive Technologies Inc., is testing technology at area fast-food restaurants designed to give kitchen workers a good indication of what customers want before the hungry souls even get close enough to place an order. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;	3
Citys revised bid goes to IOC today Over there, New York City #39;s final 2012 Olympic bid book officially comes under consideration today at the International Olympic Committee #39;s Lausanne, Switzerland, headquarters in an otherwise 	1
New NASA Supercomputer to Aid Theorists and Shuttle Engineers (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - NASA researchers have teamed up with a pair of Silicon Valley firms to build \  a supercomputer that ranks alongside the world's largest Linux-based systems.	3
Mobile Phone Firms Link for New High-Speed Standard  TOKYO (Reuters) - Leading wireless carriers and telecoms  equipment makers have agreed to develop an advanced mobile  phone standard capable of sending high-resolution video in an  instant, Japan's NTT DoCoMo said on Friday.	3
LSU to use both QBs vs. Auburn LSU will stick with a two-quarterback rotation Saturday at Auburn, according to Tigers coach Nick Saban, who seemed to have some fun telling the media what he will and won #39;t discuss Monday.	1
EU gets tough on fusion reactor European research ministers state their intention to go it alone on a multi-billion euro nuclear project if arguments with international partners are not resolved soon.	0
Shoulder injury blow for Real #39;s Zidane Real Madrid says French play-maker Zinedine Zidane will be out for at least three weeks after dislocating his right shoulder in their 3-0 Champions League defeat to Bayer Leverkusen in Germany.	1
Thomas Boswell Phil Mickelson took cash over country. Lefty rolled the dice. It may prove the worst gamble of his risk-taking career. Of course, with about \$80 million of Callaway Golf #39;s money under his pillow, maybe Phil will sleep like a baby.	1
Pew study: Blogs busted out in 2004 For blogs and bloggers, 2004 was a good year, according to data released from the Pew Internet   American Life Project.	3
Nepal ranks low in media freedom index According to the Third Annual Worldwide Index of Press Freedom released in Paris yesterday by the Reporters Sans Frontiers, Nepal is 160th out of 167 countries, with Denmark at top and North Korea at the bottom.	0
Chiefs-Broncos Game Could Be Pivotal (AP) AP - After finishing 13-3 last season, the Kansas City Chiefs are thinking Super Bowl. The Denver Broncos always think Super Bowl, even though they've made the playoffs just twice in the five years since John Elway retired and haven't won a postseason game. So while it may be premature to think of their meeting in Denver on Sunday night as an AFC championship game preview, it could be critical in the AFC West, where the Chiefs and Broncos figure to battle for the title.	1
Surfing at the launderette A San Francisco launderette has been rated one of the top places in the world to surf the internet. The winners of the first Yahoo Mail Internet Cafe Awards, published to mark the 10th anniversary of the world #39;s 	3
Plunge in LCD prices expected to slow Prices of liquid-crystal displays are expected to fall by less than 5 percent in the fourth quarter as the industry expects a surge in demand during the holiday-shopping season, a research firm said Tuesday.	3
Sumitomo puts \$29 bn takeover bid for UFJ Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group (SMFG), Japans second largest bank, today put forward a 3,200 billion (\$29 billion) takeover bid for United Financial Group (UFJ), the countrys fourth biggest lender, in an effort to regain initiative in its bidding 	2
Study: Hubble Robotic Repair Mission Too Costly An exhaustive study of NASA #39;s options for repairing the Hubble Space Telescope suggests the currently planned robotic mission may cost too much money and might not be ready to fly before the vaunted observatory breaks down.	3
At wireless show, it's Yahoo vs. Google Yahoo adds a search feature for cell phones, following a similar move by Google. Also:  Start-up Seven gets addicted to Java.	3
First flight test of new missile defense interceptor fails The Bush administration #39;s ambitious national missile defense program suffered a major setback on Wednesday when a malfunction forced a shutdown of the first test 	2
UPS misses Wall Street forecast NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - United Parcel Service posted improved third-quarter earnings but the results still missed forecasts on Wall Street.	2
SAP, Infineon unveil RFID management system OCTOBER 05, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - German business software vendor SAP AG and chip maker Infineon Technologies AG today launched a new software management system for connecting radio frequency identification hardware and software from multiple vendors.	3
Softball gold takes Candrea, US from tragedy to triumph To the rest of the world, they were the  quot;In Your Dreams quot; Team. But for their coach, Mike Candrea, it was about another dream.	1
Analyzing the Breeders #39; Cup Racing #39;s greatest card of the year has arrived with today #39;s 21st Breeders #39; Cup -ight championship races where the smallest field has eight horses and where classic winners might go off at double-digit odds.	1
PalmOne to unveil new handheld organizer Handheld computer maker PalmOne Inc. plans to unveil Monday a new memory-packed personal digital assistant that can double as a portable USB flash drive.	3
Transmeta Begins Limited Production of 90nm Efficeon, Lowers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As the company lowered its guidance by about \$2 million, Transmeta Corp. revealed today that limited production shipments of its TM8800 series Efficeon processors began earlier this month.	3
England openers lead victory charge Marcus Trescothick and Robert Key led England to a convincing eight-wicket victory in their first match of the South African tour.	1
Inmates in Charge of Travelzoo When a company with a small float comes unhinged from reality, look out.	2
US files first suit against  quot;spyware quot; SW The software works its way into a computer, hijacking the Web browser and causing the CD-ROM tray to slide open mysteriously. WASHINGTON: The US government has sued a New Hampshire man in its first attempt 	3
South Korea Not Out of the Running for U.N. Post  HANOI (Reuters) - South Korea might put forward a candidate  to take over from U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan when his  term expires in 2006, a South Korean official said Sunday.	0
Merger Creates World #39;s Third-Largest Firm Piper Rudnick and the British law firm DLA have agreed to combine in the largest merger of law firms to date. The combined firm, which is to be known as DLA Piper Rudnick Gray Cary, will have 	2
Oil Unlikely to Knock Fed Off Rate Plan (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. economy may lose a step to\record high oil prices but concerns over inflation are likely\to keep the Federal Reserve on a steady course of gradually\raising interest rates, analysts say.	2
Cricket: Trescothick wants win - not weather ENGLAND will resume their weather-hit encounter with Sri Lanka determined to win rather than relying on their superior run-rate get them to next Tuesday #39;s semi-final against Australia.	1
Scots employers aim to go hire EMPLOYER hiring confidence in Scotland is robust for the first quarter of 2005, notably above the national average, according to research released today.	2
File-Sharing Networks Found Not Guilty By DAVID KRAVETS    SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Grokster Ltd. and StreamCast Networks Inc...	3
Interim Iraqi President Favors Jan. 30 Election  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Interim Iraqi President Ghazi  al-Yawar reaffirmed his support on Sunday for holding elections  on Jan. 30 in Iraq, saying any delay would be a victory for  violent foes and trigger resentment.	0
Un-Weis Planning GameNight: Bob Davie says  quot;not intelligent quot; scheduling may have been the Irish #39;s downfall. And things don #39;t get easier the next few years.	1
Rebels attacked in Mosul THE British-Iraqi aid executive Margaret Hassan, kidnapped by rebels in Iraq, was feared dead today, as US-led forces swept into the flashpoint city of Mosul in a renewed offensive against insurgents.	0
'Serious incident' reported between Darfur truce monitors, Sudan army (AFP) AFP - A ""serious incident"" has occurred between soldiers from the Sudanese army and members of a commission, led by Chad, monitoring a ceasefire in Sudan's Darfur region, corroborating sources said.	0
Coughlin Sticks With Manning Despite Woes (AP) AP - Despite horrific struggles in recent weeks, Tom Coughlin still believes that Eli Manning is going to be an outstanding quarterback for the reeling New York Giants.	1
Stocks Seen Lower as Oil, Cisco Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. shares were seen opening weaker  on Wednesday as oil prices held near \$47 a barrel, while a  brokerage downgrade on technology bellwether Cisco Systems Inc.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CSCO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CSCO.O&lt;/A&gt; could hurt technology shares.	2
Yankees' Sheffield Faces Shoulder Surgery (AP) AP - Yankees outfielder Gary Sheffield will have arthroscopic surgery Tuesday on his left shoulder, which didn't improve after two weeks of rehabilitation.	1
Researcher says hacked data stored properly A Connecticut researcher on leave at UC Berkeley said Friday she tried to follow all the rules when she stored a confidential database on a campus computer system that was broken into by a hacker.	3
Bed Bath  amp; Beyond Profit Up, Shares Fall Bed Bath  amp; Beyond Inc. (BBBY.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday posted a 24 percent rise in its quarterly earnings as demand for its household goods remained strong.	2
H R Block Faces Fraud Charge Over Enron  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Financial services regulator NASD said  on Monday it has charged H R Block Financial Advisors Inc.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HRB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;HRB.N&lt;/A&gt; with fraud related to the sale of Enron Corp.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; bonds immediately preceding Enron's bankruptcy in  2001.	2
Electrolux issues profit warning Shares of Electrolux tumble after the world's largest maker of consumer electronics says that profit in the second half will be less than forecast.	2
Sony considers adding native mp3 support to its players Some outlets are reporting that Sony has decided to add native mp3 support to its digital music players, but the electronics giant says it has not yet made a final decision.	3
US Seeks Quick UN Vote Warning Syria on Lebanon Washington on Tuesday swept aside objections from Beirut and called for a Security Council vote within days on a draft resolution to put pressure on Syria to respect Lebanese sovereignty.	0
JPMorgan Fleming Eyes Stake in Highbridge  NEW YORK (Reuters) - JPMorgan Fleming Asset   Wealth  Management on Monday said it plans to buy a majority interest  in and enter into a partnership with Highbridge Capital  Management, a hedge funds manager, to bolster its presence  among hedge funds and attract a broader audience of investors  to hedge funds.	2
Via brings PCI Express to AMD-based computers Via Technologies announces new product that brings PCI Express input-output to computers running AMD chips.	3
General Dynamics Profit Up 23 Percent Defense contractor General Dynamics Corp. (GD) on Wednesday said third-quarter earnings surged 23 percent, led by a rebound in its Gulfstream business jet segment.	2
Muslim world celebrates Ramadan Millions of Muslims across the world begin observing the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.	0
Creative Commons Search Engine Integrated into Firefox 1.0 Creative Commons Search Engine Integrated into Firefox 1.0\\Creative Commons today unveiled an updated beta version of its search engine, which scours the web for text, images, audio, and video free to re-use on certain terms a search refinement offered by no other company or organization today. Creative Commons rsquo; announcement coincides ...	3
Stocks Set for Soft Open, Focus on Techs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks were set to open slightly lower  on Monday as Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; begins to trade  ex-dividend, weakening technology shares and offsetting a  welcome drop in crude prices.	2
Canyon Holds Ancient Civilization Secrets (AP) AP - The newly discovered ruins of an ancient civilization in this remote eastern Utah canyon could reveal secrets about the descendants of the continent's original Paleo-Indians who showed up before the time of Christ to settle much of present-day Utah.	3
Red Hat Preps Enterprise Linux 4 CRN India: Red Hat aims to more deeply penetrate the enterprise by launching its first Linux distribution based on the Linux 2.6 kernel.	3
AL Wrap: Redman Helps Athletics Maintain AL West Lead  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Mark Redman pitched eight strong  innings as the Oakland Athletics clung on to first place in the  American League West with a 3-1 road win over the Baltimore  Orioles on Monday.	1
Our kids deserve better than a Google future &lt;strong&gt;Letter&lt;/strong&gt; Can collective database licensing cure this tragedy of the commons?	3
IT disaster in British public authority caused by operator The US IT service provider EDS has admitted that one of its employees was responsible for the crash of thousands of computers in Britain #39;s Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) two weeks ago.	3
Notre Dame #39;s firing isn #39;t case of black, white Now that Notre Dame has fired Tyrone Willingham, that #39;s how many black head coaches there are at America #39;s 117 Division IA universities.	1
Lots of Science Intact in Smashed-Up Genesis Capsule Scientists and engineers are optimistic after having peeked inside the Genesis space capsule, which brought back bits of the Sun but crashed into the Utah desert Wednesday.	3
VfB Stuttgart 3-0 Benfica: FT Report STUTTGART, November 4 (UEFA Cup) - VfB Stuttgart went clear at the top of Group G with a convincing win over Portuguese giants Benfica.	1
Entertainment Industry Asks Justices to Rule on File Sharing The movie and music industries have filed a petition asking the Supreme Court to overturn a federal appeals court decision that favored makers of file-sharing software.	3
Suicide bomber kills at least 18 in Pakistan wounded more than 40 during Friday prayers in the eastern Pakistani city of Sialkot, police say.  quot;It was a suicide attack, quot; Nisar Ahmed Saroya, district police officer for Sialkot, told Reuters.	0
Conservationists Sue Over Right Whales (AP) AP - Conservationists sued a federal agency Monday for allegedly failing to protect North Pacific right whales, which were hunted nearly to extinction more than a century ago and remain among the world's most endangered animals.	3
A Google Cheat Sheet By the time this column is published, Google may or may not have launched its initial public offering, which may or may not have gone out at more than \$100 per share and which may or may not have either fallen drastically or spiked upward during its first 	3
New calm in revolt-wracked Najaf Inhabitants of the Iraqi city of Najaf enjoy their first night of peace in several weeks after a ceasefire deal.	0
Drug Stocks Fall as Journal Blasts FDA (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of large U.S. and European drug\makers fell on Thursday after a prominent cardiologist\questioned the safety of new arthritis drugs and the\performance of U.S. regulators in monitoring drug safety.	2
3 Kidnapped UN Workers Are Released in Kabul The release of three United Nations workers who had been held hostage for more than three weeks took place early Tuesday in what appeared to be an orchestrated handover.	0
UN urged to punish Burundian Hutu rebels AFRICAN leaders appealed to the United Nations Security Council yesterday to impose sanctions on the Burundian rebel group that claimed responsibility for the massacre of at least 160 refugees at a UN camp in Burundi. 	0
Ouija Board surges to Filly and Mare Turf win English and Irish classic winner Ouija Board (GB) more than justified the hype surrounding her presence in the \$1-million Breeders Cup Filly and Mare Turf (G1), surging past Grade 1 winner Film Maker in the lane to capture the 1 3/8-mile contest at 	1
High Court Considers Immigration Cases (AP) AP - The Supreme Court considered Tuesday whether the government can send immigrants back to countries that haven't agreed to accept them, a question that will determine the fate of thousands of Somalis resisting deportation to their war-torn homeland.	0
S.E.C. Inquires Into Pension Accounting at Ford and G.M. The inquiries suggest that a new inquiry into an area of accounting that has long troubled both investors and pension-rights advocates will cast a broad net.	2
July Factory Orders Exceeded Forecasts; Productivity Pace Slows July factory orders rose the most in four months, exceeding forecasts, and productivity gains slowed last quarter, two government reports released yesterday showed.	2
Halliburton Finds Talk of Nigerian Bribes (Reuters) Reuters - Halliburton Co. , once run by\Vice President Dick Cheney, said an internal probe found\information suggesting that members of a consortium it helps\lead considered bribing Nigerian officials to win business.	2
British Cities Become Wildlife Safe Havens (Reuters) Reuters - Britain's town and cities have become\key survival safe havens for the country's endangered wildlife,\according to a new survey published on Thursday.	3
Spitzer Arrives at Scene of Galactic Collision NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope has set its infrared sight on a major galactic collision and witnessed not death, but a teeming nest of life. The colliding galaxies, called the Antennae galaxies, are in the process of merging together.	3
Mobile-Phone Ban May Be Near End Tired of listening to travelers yakking on their cell phones in the airport lounge? You may have to put up it with in the cabin too, as regulators consider scrapping rules that ban use of most wireless devices in flight. By Joanna Glasner.	3
Vodafone to double dividend MOBILE phone giant Vodafone today rewarded its shareholders with a 100 per cent dividend increase on the back of half-year profits equivalent to more than 340 per second.	2
AT amp;T Wireless sells dedicated messaging device AT amp;T Wireless Services launched a mobile e-mail and messaging device without voice service on Monday, aiming to use a low price to tempt young consumers.	3
Thousands of South Korean public servants strike work: World News: Seoul, Nov 15 : Tens of thousands of civil servants in South Korea struck work Monday, demanding labour rights, Xinhua reports.	0
Cal eager to prove itself -- again Berkeley is a philosophy class with John Searle, an economics seminar with George Akerlof or a protest march led by students with Noam Chomsky readers tucked in their hemp backpack.	1
US mum on Arafats return MANCHESTER: The White House on Friday declined to say whether Israel should guarantee that ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat can return to the Palestinian territories after receiving medical treatment in Paris.	0
Hewitt on auto pilot in sweeping past Arazi The planes from nearby LaGuardia have been flying unusually low over the National Tennis Center this week, but nothing has been cruising beneath the radar screen quite like Lleyton Hewitt.	1
Gold Up as Traders Worry About Inflation Gold prices rose to 16-year highs on Tuesday, spurred on by buy #39; #39; signals in technical price charts and fears that inflation, seemingly under control, could rise again in the months ahead.	2
WTO: EU sugar subsidies break trade rules The European Union has broken international trade rules by subsidizing sugar producers, the World Trade Organization ruled Friday.	2
Olympians Gatlin, Hayes Earn Jesse Owens Awards PORTLAND, Ore. -- Olympic medalists Justin Gatlin and Joanna Hayes Monday were named the winners of the 2004 Jesse Owens Awards by USA Track  amp; Field.	1
Keeping frustrations in reserve Jiri Welsch may vent his frustrations in Czech on the court, but his body language during games and unusually short answers to questions after practice yesterday need no translation. Although a team player, Welsch has been frustrated with his second-unit duties. In a system suited to his abilities and basketball intelligence, Welsch has struggled to make meaningful contributions, ...	1
Widening market share in data storage EMC Corp. widened its lead as the world's top seller of data storage computers over Hewlett-Packard Co. and International Business Machines Corp. in the second quarter, researcher Gartner Inc. said. In the second quarter, EMC's sales of the machines that organize and retrieve data rose to 23.1 percent of the worldwide market, or \$745.6 million, from 20.6 percent a year ...	2
Clarke: Using technology to secure IDs is vital In the age of prevalent terrorism, identity needs stronger protection, says counterterrorism expert.	3
Twenty-Five Hurt as Azores Plane Avoids Collision (Reuters) Reuters - Twenty-five TAP-Air Portugal passengers\and crew were slightly injured when the plane made a hasty\maneuver to avoid a mid-air collision just before landing on an\island in The Azores on Friday, TAP said.	0
IBM Dominates Top Supercomputer List With performance almost double that of the Earth Simulator, in Yokohama, Japan, IBM #39;s Blue Gene/L on Monday was officially ranked first on the Top500 list of the world #39;s fastest supercomputers.	3
to Qwest Field. one-and-a-half games better than the defending NFC West champ Rams. St. Louis. home-and-homes in each of the last two seasons. In 2003, Seattle won the home.	1
With Bonds Swinging for History, Cheap Seats Become Priceless By Monday, the right-field bleachers at Miller Park were sold out in anticipation of Barry Bonds's 700th homer while many of the best field-level seats remained.	1
SGX, TSE plan cross-membership agreement: report SINGAPORE : The Singapore Exchange (SGX) and the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) plan to enter into a cross-membership agreement that will allow member securities firms of both exchanges to execute equity transactions in both bourses from fiscal 2005, the 	2
African Union Are Somalia #39;s warlords ready to loosen their iron &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A new dawn breaks over Somalia. The interim Somali Parliament convened a special session in Kenya and elected Colonel Abdullah Yusuf Ahmed, the self-styled leader of the autonomous region of Puntland, as the new interim Somali president.	0
Ravens Plow Bengals After two subpar efforts, Jamal Lewis finds his stride Sunday, running for 186 yards, including a 75-yard touchdown that clinches a 23-9 victory over the Bengals.	1
Nokia Says Handset Market to Slow, Share to Rise Nokia (NOK1V.HE: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest mobile phone maker, expects slowing mobile phone growth in 2005 but plans to launch 	2
Check 21: A classic case of risk The Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act, or Check 21, will supposedly revolutionize the check-clearing process. It is the most significant change since banks actually started clearing checks.	2
Commuter tackles bad train service by starting own railway (AFP) AFP - Grumbling about trains is part of the way of life, but one commuter has decided to do something about it -- by starting his own railway.	0
The Worm works out with Nuggets Here #39;s a quote from The Worm before the run:  quot;Just because Kiki #39;s my friend, he doesn #39;t have to give me this opportunity.	1
Opera Browser - Firefox Not the Only IE Alternative Opera Browser - Firefox Not the Only IE Alternative\\Security flaws have long plagued Internet Explorer (IE), the market-dominating web browser from Microsoft. IE won the early browser wars, not only because it was free and bundled with Windows, but because it had some features and capabilities that its only real ...	3
Pirates Hotwire  #39;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas #39; Both Rockstar Games and Microsoft are in pursuit of the gaming robbers. While Microsoft has made it clear that it is  quot;aggressively pursuing the source of the illegal act, quot; Rockstar has 	3
Cambodia set to crown new king King Norodom Sihamoni, a former dancer, was chosen to succeed his father Norodom Sihanouk after he announced his abdication earlier this month.	0
Bielsa quits Argentine coaching post Argentina coach Marcelo Bielsa has made a surprising decision of resigning on Tuesday after he steered his country to their first Olympic soccer gold medal in Athens.	1
Apple #39;s iTunes now accepting PayPal com December 10, 2004, 11:28 AM PT. Customers at Apple Computer #39;s iTunes store will now be able to pay for their songs, albums and gift certificates using PayPal, a virtual wallet technology owned by eBay.	3
Analysts fear longer than expected G5 delays (MacCentral) MacCentral - Analysts from Prudential Equity Group and UBS have warned over the past two days that longer than expected G5 delays from IBM Corp. is the near-term ""key risk"" for Apple Computer Inc. Both firms are concerned the delays could be longer than originally expected.	3
Six killed, 51 injured in Ulfa attacks GUWAHATI: In stepped up violence, six people, including two BSF men, were killed and 51 others injured in three blasts triggered by the Ulfa in three districts of Assam since Wednesday night.	0
US approves stun guns for international flights US authorities have approved the use of Taser stun guns on commercial flights to and from the United States, the manufacturer has said.	2
Google Plans To Acquire Keyhole Search giant Google Inc. on Wednesday said it has acquired Keyhole Corp., a digital-mapping company that shows satellite pictures from around the world.	2
3 Jockey for Power of House's Purse Strings (Los Angeles Times) Los Angeles Times - WASHINGTON  #8212; In his campaign to become chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, Rep. Jerry Lewis (R-Redlands) recently gave a group of his most conservative colleagues a flier showing a bloated Uncle Sam. The caption: ""Uncle needs a diet.""	0
Argonauts offer free tickets after 38-point loss The Toronto Argonauts are offering a big giveaway to make up for a big loss. Apologizing to their fans after getting beaten 58-20 by the Montreal Alouettes, the CFL club said Friday that a ticket stub from 	1
Del Neri takes over at AS Roma Former Chievo Verona coach Luigi Del Neri Wednesday took over to coach troubled Serie A club AS Roma, local media reported Wednesday.	1
By any means necessary FOXBORO, Mass. -- For more than a year #39;s worth of NFL Sundays, they #39;ve won games as ugly as a bloody nose or as pretty as Tom Brady #39;s cover-boy looks.	1
Pirates ready to deal Kendall to A #39;s Pittsburgh, PA (Sports Network) - The Pittsburgh Pirates have reportedly ironed out a trade to send veteran catcher Jason Kendall to the Oakland Athletics for pitchers Mark Redman and Arthur Rhodes.	1
Sprint, SBC Forge Wi-Fi Pact Two telecom providers have come together in the name of Wi-Fi. Sprint and SBC Communications have signed a bi-lateral roaming agreement that will enable their customers more wireless access while on the go.	3
Ortiz:  #39;That #39;s all I do is hit #39; BOSTON - Monuments in New England are made from moments like the bookends David Ortiz gave the region on Monday. When has a baseball player had two walk-off hits at frenzied Fenway Park on the same day in postseason play?	1
Internet Giants File 7 Suits Aimed at Stopping Spam The suits include the first filed by America Online against spammers who use instant messaging, a practice the online industry calls spimming.	3
The Iranian-European nuclear accord is good news on several fronts The announcement Monday that a preliminary agreement reached between Iran and the European Union #39;s three big powers may be finalized soon is good news on several fronts.	0
Injured Ganguly not yet certain for Mumbai Test NAGPUR, OCTOBER 28: After all the spin and counter-spin, its official: Sourav Ganguly is injured, its not serious but his participation in the Mumbai Test is still uncertain.	1
N.C. Voting System Has Many Failures (AP) AP - A Florida-style nightmare has unfolded in North Carolina in the 10 days since Election Day, with thousands of votes missing and the outcome of two statewide races still up in the air.	0
Aggadan scores at Belmont Aggadan beat Personal Touch by three-quarters of a length to win yesterday's \$60,000 allowance feature for older horses at Belmont Park.	1
Toshiba create dual layered DVD/HD DVD disc Toshiba has announced a dual layered disc that will playback both HD-DVD and DVD formats strengthing its offering in the battle of the next generation DVD formats.	3
No great miracle here What is left of this interesting and repulsive week after the dust settles is not the lies, the ostensibly sudden betrayals, the payments to the ultra-Orthodox, the sleazy style, or even Ehud Barak #39;s horror show or Shimon Peres #39; maneuvers.	0
Rovers search for new boss Blackburn Rovers are ready to start their search for a new manager following Graeme Souness #39; resignation on Monday. The Scot tendered his resignation to take over the reins at Newcastle.	1
Protests over tough Dutch budget The Dutch government unveils its austerity budget for 2005 amid protests by the public at the plans for painful reform.	2
Ralph fires risk warning FEAR of public blame is making company boards more cautious and it could cost them profits, veteran business figure John Ralph warned today.	2
House prices fall further House prices fell for a second straight month in November, down 0.4 percent, mortgage lender Halifax says, predicting property prices will fall 2 percent in 2005 after nine years of gains.	2
Africa's Woes Make It Haven for Terrorists - Blair  ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - Poverty and conflict in Africa have  made it a refuge for terrorists, British Prime Minister Tony  Blair said on Thursday at a summit in Ethiopia he hopes will  turn the continent's problems into a global priority.	0
Charity boss kidnapped in Iraq A director of an international charity in Iraq has been kidnapped as she was being driven to work in Baghdad. Margaret Hassan, a British-born Iraqi national, was abducted in the capital, CARE International UK said in London.	0
Tokyo Stocks Higher in Early Trading (AP) AP - Tokyo's benchmark stock index was higher Thursday morning as investors bought stock futures in a technical bounce, but trade was largely directionless after Wall Street's mixed performance. The dollar was slightly higher against the Japanese yen.	0
Consumer Confidence Falls Again in Sept.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. consumer confidence edged lower  again in September after falling in August, as persistent  worries about the job market weighed on sentiment, a report on  Tuesday said.	2
WADA could look into recreational use of drugs The World Anti-Doping Agency could wind up looking into out-of-competition cases of athletes caught taking cocaine and other recreational drugs, its president said Monday.	1
Samsung, Sony to share patents TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. and Sony Corp. on Tuesday signed a cross-licensing agreement, allowing mutual sharing of a number of patents across major product lines held by both companies.	3
Climate may have been bison #39;s main killer, not man WORK by a British scientist may show that humans were not responsible for the bison almost becoming extinct in the 19th century, it was disclosed yesterday.	3
Afghan warlords 'threaten poll' Afghan warlords are involved in intimidation which could threaten October's elections, Human Rights Watch says.	0
When Shots Ring Out, a Listening Device Acts as Witness Police agencies around the country may soon be able to equip street corners with microphones and video cameras to fight gun-related crime.	3
UK wants partial smoking ban, limit on junk food ads LONDON: Britain will announce plans today for a ban on smoking in many public places and a crackdown on television advertising of  quot;junk food quot; aimed at children.	0
Sharon Offers a Date for Settler Withdrawal From Gaza The Israeli prime minister said today that he wanted to begin withdrawing settlers from Gaza next May or June.	0
JLT falls on profits warning Shares in Jardine Lloyd Thomas, the UK #39;s largest insurance broker, have plunged 20 per cent after the company issued a profit warning for the year and chief executive Steve McGill quit.	2
Oracle may drop PeopleSoft lawsuit com November 8, 2004, 4:30 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories for several months, but for many IT managers, ERP (enterprise resource planning) and open source initiatives are on the horizon.	2
China raises rates to cool growth China increases its interest rates for the first time since 1995, a move widely seen as a further attempt to prevent its economy from over-heating.	2
Incomparable finish wins gold for gymnast Hamm ATHENS - With a disastrous landing on the vault that sent him stumbling off the mat and nearly into the judges #39; laps, Paul Hamm thought it was over. 	1
Update 2: JC Penney Taps Former Macy #39;s, LVMH Head JC Penney Co. Inc. named a former chairman and chief executive of both Macy #39;s and luxury retailer LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton, to lead the department store company, replacing Allen Questrom.	2
We #39;d like to set a 250-run target: Jennings Kolkata: Having managed to  quot;take the momentum away from India quot;, South Africa are now looking to set a target of 250 runs for the hosts in the fourth innings of the second and deciding cricket Test here.	1
Study: Misdiagnosis Led to Birds' Deaths (AP) AP - When several birds fell ill last year at Auburn University's respected raptor center, experts were shocked and puzzled by the explanation that the culprit was a lethal disease never seen before in birds of prey.	3
Singapore invited to check farms in Johor JOHOR BARU: The Singapore authorities have been invited to check chicken farms in Johor for avian influenza if the republic wants to import poultry from here.	0
Computer glitch delays Air Canada departures After splashing out with Celine Dion concerts and parties for staff, it was as if Air Canada woke with a hangover Wednesday morning, when the reservation computer crashed.	2
Jordan, Brown Return Wizards Coach Eddie Jordan returned to the bench Wednesday against the Nets after missing two games with a blood clot in his leg and Kwame Brown was activated for the first time this season.	1
Police Say Pipe Bomb Damaged Building WATERTOWN, Mass. -- Watertown police say it was a pipe bomb that broke windows at the offices of a biological research company in Watertown early Thursday morning.	3
Funner Not Funny For MSN Users Called W32.Funner, the worm upon infection attempts to spread itself through the host #39;s MSN Messenger contact list. Apart from altering Windows #39; host file and adding nearly 1000 URLs, the worm also attempts 	3
JetBlue Profit to Be Hurt by Hurricanes  NEW YORK (Reuters) - JetBlue Airways Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JBLU.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;JBLU.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday lowered its estimate for third-quarter earnings,  citing disruptions from Hurricanes Charley and Frances.	2
European Software Pirates Caught Police in Greece and Britain have broken up a software piracy ring and arrested two men who are accused of selling millions of dollars worth of pirated business software.	3
Hormone-Charged Birds Force Out Rivals in West (Reuters) Reuters - Hormone-fueled songbirds are\steadily forcing out a rival species in North America's	3
Some Dell AC Adapters Recalled Although seven adapters have overheated, no injuries or deaths have been reported. The adapters where shipped with Latitude, Precision and Inspiron laptops sold through Dell #39;s Web site and customer 	3
Fannie Mae mess is one for the books Fannie Mae, the government-sponsored mortgage company whose financial statements were strongly criticized in a report by its regulator last week, looks set to join Enron and WorldCom in the hall of accounting infamy.	2
American Airlines seeks new credit line The parent company of American Airlines said it must refinance or replace an \$834 million credit facility or it might not be able to comply with one of the covenants of the loan, according to news reports Thursday.	2
Martin shuts down nomination battles to avoid repeat of bitter Liberal fights (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - An experiment in Liberal party democracy that degenerated into vicious internal battles has now been cancelled, Prime Minister Paul Martin told his troops Wednesday.	0
Radio Stocks Fizzle on Analyst Downgrade Shares of radio station operators sank in Friday trading, saddled by a report raising concerns that future growth could be limited as advertising demand wanes amid fierce competition from personal media players and satellite radio.	2
Delhi walks into EU elite club The Hague, Nov. 8:India and the European Union today decided to crank up their relationship by entering into a strategic partnership to deepen cooperation on key international issues of globalisation 	0
Marketing Isn't for Problem Gamblers Harrah's, ""the leader in responsible gaming,"" gets fined for mailing marketing materials to known problem gamblers.	2
Is end near for Russia #39;s Yukos? Russian prosecutors are less than three weeks from striking a death blow against the country #39;s biggest oil producer, Yukos - move widely seen as a politically motivated legal assault.	2
Catching a Virus in the Act Scientists get their first look at a virus attaching to DNA. Physical proof of this surprising interaction could lead to drugs that can stop some infections. By Kristen Philipkoski.	3
Chinese Satellite Crashes Into House BEIJING, China (AP) -- A section of a Chinese scientific satellite that was returning from orbit crashed into an apartment building, wrecking the top floor but causing no injuries, a newspaper said Sunday.    The capsule crashed into the four-story building Friday in Penglai, a village in the southwestern province of Sichuan, the Tianfu Morning News said...	3
Female hormones decide research skills of male scientists! A survey by academics at the University of Bath, UK, has revealed that male scientists are good at research because they have the hormone levels of women and long index fingers.	3
Sniffing worm snoops network PCs The latest variant of the SDbot worm contain network-sniffing software that enables it to retrieve passwords from other computers connected to the target PC.	3
Rockets Exercise Contract on Yao (Reuters) Reuters - The Houston Rockets exercised\the fourth-year option on center Yao Ming's contract on\Thursday.	1
National aerospace policy in the works, says Canada's transport minister (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - GATINEAU, Que. (CP) - A national aerospace policy is in the works that would consolidate existing financial-aid initiatives into one cohesive program, Transport Minister Jean Lapierre said on Friday.	0
Survey shows what pleases new-home buyers Price and consumer satisfaction are not necessarily fellow travelers, according to a survey of new-home buyers. But buyers of new homes in the greater Bay Area were for the most part satisfied with the people 	2
Gronholm has narrow Australia lead PERTH, Australia -- Finland #39;s Marcus Gronholm holds the early lead after the first stage of the Rally of Australia. Double world champion Gronholm #39;s Peugeot was fastest around the 2.34km city circuit in the 	1
UK Terrorist Suspects Have Case Sent to Old Bailey (Update2) Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- The case against eight men charged with conspiracy to commit murder and carry out terrorist attacks was referred to the Old Bailey, London #39;s central criminal court. 	0
RocketNews Search Engine Adds Personalization RocketNews Search Engine Adds Personalization\\The RocketNews current news and weblog search engine has been enhanced with the addition of personalization features. RocketNews is a technology showcase operated by Rocketinfo Inc., a  supplier of real-time news and competitive intelligence software to corporations, governments and professional service firms.\\Visitors to the new ...	3
Harrys keeping Kewell SOCCEROOS superstar Harry Kewell is optimistic he can overcome a painful groin injury and play in Saturdays Confederations Cup qualifier against the Solomon Islands.	1
Pleasantly Perfect Muscles Up for Breeders' Cup  DALLAS (Reuters) - Pleasantly Perfect is in prime condition  for the defense of his Breeders' Cup Classic crown at Lone Star  Park in Grand Prairie, Texas, on Saturday.	1
Vivendi to Sell 15 Stake in Veolia to Cut Debt (Update2) Vivendi Universal SA, owner of the world #39;s largest music company, said it will sell a 15 percent stake in Veolia Environnement SA to cut debt and focus on its media business.	2
