the film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when carvey 's saturday night live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment .	0
this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .	0
you do n't have to know about music to appreciate the film 's easygoing blend of comedy and romance .	1
the film 's few ideas are stretched to the point of evaporation ; the whole central section is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency .	0
a compelling spanish film about the withering effects of jealousy in the life of a young monarch whose sexual passion for her husband becomes an obsession .	1
a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original .	1
however it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs , young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust .	0
the movie 's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach .	0
should have been someone else -	0
an important movie , a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values .	1
for close to two hours the audience is forced to endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one .	0
the wild thornberrys movie is a jolly surprise .	1
the sort of film that makes me miss hitchcock , but also feel optimistic that there 's hope for popular cinema yet .	1
despite the evocative aesthetics evincing the hollow state of modern love life , the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine .	0
made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss .	0
it 's a beautiful madness .	1
you wonder why enough was n't just a music video rather than a full-length movie .	0
a good piece of work more often than not .	1
the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as ... (quills) did by showing them .	1
it 's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even oliver parker 's movie adaptation .	1
a better title , for all concerned , might be swept under the rug .	0
the reality of the new live-action pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque .	0
a lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j.m. barrie 's peter pan .	0
stealing harvard is evidence that the farrelly bros. -- peter and bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with green 's half-hearted movie career .	0
it 's made with deftly unsettling genre flair .	1
scorsese does n't give us a character worth giving a damn about .	0
the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did .	0
the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves .	0
candid and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work .	1
his healthy sense of satire is light and fun ...	1
uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance .	1
a subtle and well-crafted (for the most part) chiller .	1
i am sorry that i was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy .	0
... turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock .	0
manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane .	0
it 's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel .	0
confirms the nagging suspicion that ethan hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it .	0
and that 's a big part of why we go to the movies .	1
it 's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children .	1
i had to look away - this was god awful .	0
... a magnificent drama well worth tracking down .	1
it has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience .	1
... plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments .	0
there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer .	0
altogether , this is successful as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece .	1
the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom .	0
corpus collosum -- while undeniably interesting -- wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in .	0
for all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses , there 's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love 's dissolution .	0
a quiet , pure , elliptical film	1
no way i can believe this load of junk .	0
chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum .	0
(lawrence bounces) all over the stage , dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place .	1
in an effort , i suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy .	0
the script is n't very good ; not even someone as gifted as hoffman (the actor) can make it work .	0
with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge .	0
scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence .	0
bennett 's naturalistic performance speaks volumes more truth than any ` reality ' show , and anybody contemplating their own drastic life changes should watch some body first .	1
a study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers ...	1
it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes .	0
in a way , the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in .	1
hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people .	1
my reaction in a word : disappointment .	0
it 's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way .	0
by candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music , (jones) calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity .	1
the result is a gaudy bag of stale candy , something from a halloween that died .	0
enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age .	1
this one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics .	0
do n't be fooled by the impressive cast list - eye see you is pure junk .	0
maud and roland 's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but labute pulls off a neater trick in possession : he makes language sexy .	1
for all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos , lily chou-chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam .	0
building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise .	1
turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting .	1
while (hill) has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film .	0
a hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the mason-dixon line .	0
in the end , the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director joe carnahan .	0
a very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction .	0
it 's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions .	0
despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed .	1
for the most part , director anne-sophie birot 's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama .	1
and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea .	0
an intriguing cinematic omnibus and round-robin that occasionally is more interesting in concept than in execution .	1
it 's as if you 're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker .	0
the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and did n't reserve enough for his second .	0
it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .	1
another one of those estrogen overdose movies like `` divine secrets of the ya ya sisterhood , '' except that the writing , acting and character development are a lot better .	1
that 's a cheat .	0
a coda in every sense , the pinochet case splits time between a minute-by-minute account of the british court 's extradition chess game and the regime 's talking-head survivors .	1
so , too , is this comedy about mild culture clashing in today 's new delhi .	1
` easily my choice for one of the year 's best films . '	1
a deep and meaningful film .	1
a swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith .	1
... a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it .	0
it inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental ` picture shows . '	1
as a first-time director , paxton has tapped something in himself as an actor that provides frailty with its dark soul .	1
dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation .	1
taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes .	0
for the most part , it 's a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions .	1
suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters , this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since it 's been packaged and sold back to us by hollywood .	0
inside the film 's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it 's not that , it 's the tension that keeps you in your seat .	1
it 's a demented kitsch mess (although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative) , but it 's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year .	1
outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent .	0
very special effects , brilliantly bold colors and heightened reality ca n't hide the giant achilles ' heel in `` stuart little 2 `` : there 's just no story , folks .	0
the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh 's three lead actresses .	1
(w) hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall 's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands .	0
nervous breakdowns are not entertaining .	0
has all the depth of a wading pool .	0
though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions .	1
every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated , and sex is currency .	0
one of those pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution .	0
ramsay , as in ratcatcher , remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid .	1
the film 's welcome breeziness and some unbelievably hilarious moments -- most portraying the idiocy of the film industry -- make it mostly worth the trip .	1
it 's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie .	0
for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout .	0
whether you like rap music or loathe it , you ca n't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie .	1
a tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty .	1
like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything 's in place but something 's just a little off-kilter .	0
overall very good for what it 's trying to do .	1
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity .	0
wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty .	0
good car chases , great fight scenes , and a distinctive blend of european , american and asian influences .	1
there is n't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients .	0
you will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report .	1
an operatic , sprawling picture that 's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length .	1
an unwise amalgam of broadcast news and vibes .	0
expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery .	0
no telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie .	0
a movie with a real anarchic flair .	1
a sometimes tedious film .	0
my thoughts were focused on the characters .	1
i 'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film .	0
given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing soderbergh has ever done .	0
nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay .	0
we know the plot 's a little crazy , but it held my interest from start to finish .	1
(d) oes n't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful .	1
there 's something auspicious , and daring , too , about the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like steven spielberg to follow a.i. with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority .	1
macdowell , whose wifty southern charm has anchored lighter affairs ... brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role .	1
a giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of oscar-winners : susan sarandon and goldie hawn .	1
there seems to be no clear path as to where the story 's going , or how long it 's going to take to get there .	0
a movie that reminds us of just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when it 's approached with imagination and flair .	1
pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical .	1
it seems like i have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now i ca n't wait for the sequel .	1
good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back !	1
comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special , freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting 101 class .	0
plays like a volatile and overlong w magazine fashion spread .	0
feels haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot .	0
it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot .	1
even in its most tedious scenes , russian ark is mesmerizing .	1
a disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the bard , particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers .	0
dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away .	0
huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair .	1
there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness .	1
the vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together .	1
the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it seems better , not just bigger .	1
do not see this film .	0
the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip .	0
the film 's performances are thrilling .	1
the movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that 's all too rare in hollywood 's hastier productions .	1
although huppert 's intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it , the piano teacher is anything but fun .	0
dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments .	1
first-time writer-director serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film .	1
i just loved every minute of this film .	1
all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal ca n't disguise the fact that , really , we 've been here , done that .	0
i do n't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but do n't treat me like a fool .	0
a very well-made , funny and entertaining picture .	1
old-form moviemaking at its best .	1
this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get .	1
sit through this one , and you wo n't need a magic watch to stop time ; your dvd player will do it for you .	0
excessive , profane , packed with cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters .	0
what the director ca n't do is make either of val kilmer 's two personas interesting or worth caring about .	0
the best revenge may just be living well because this film , unlike other dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence .	1
with rabbit-proof fence , noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie .	1
vera 's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them .	0
this illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the holy land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath .	1
lapaglia 's ability to convey grief and hope works with weaver 's sensitive reactions to make this a two-actor master class .	1
majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places .	1
here 's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep .	0
it 's dumb , but more importantly , it 's just not scary .	0
the old-world - meets-new mesh is incarnated in the movie 's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco bollywood that , by the end of monsoon wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater .	1
villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in bibi 's generic angst (there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows) .	0
a densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jean-luc godard 's finest work .	1
smart , provocative and blisteringly funny .	1
it 's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and shiner , starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that .	0
jaglom ... put (s) the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters	1
among the year 's most intriguing explorations of alientation .	1
escaping the studio , piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie .	1
k-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap hollywood tension .	0
though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn , neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining .	0
harrison 's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all .	1
holm ... embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma .	1
it 's a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force .	1
a delightful coming-of-age story .	1
a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores .	1
a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe .	1
it has the charm of the original american road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker 's motherland .	1
... the movie is just a plain old monster .	0
a taut psychological thriller that does n't waste a moment of its two-hour running time .	1
the film 's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go .	0
the most compelling wiseman epic of recent years .	1
just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .	0
(e) ventually , every idea in this film is flushed down the latrine of heroism .	0
if you can stomach the rough content , it 's worth checking out for the performances alone .	1
it 's fascinating to see how bettany and mcdowell play off each other .	1
it 's a bit disappointing that it only manages to be decent instead of dead brilliant .	0
while the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they 're presented with a wry dark humor .	1
feature debuter d.j. caruso directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter tony gayton 's narcotics noir to life .	1
it confirms fincher 's status as a film maker who artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight .	1
this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming .	1
a must-see for the david mamet enthusiast and for anyone who appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking .	1
i got a headache watching this meaningless downer .	0
for movie lovers as well as opera lovers , tosca is a real treat .	1
dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled .	0
more romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original .	1
that dogged good will of the parents and ` vain ' jia 's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums .	1
collateral damage finally delivers the goods for schwarzenegger fans .	1
the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .	1
and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new .	0
the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy .	0
the characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory .	1
highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply , but those who loved cool as ice have at last found a worthy follow-up .	1
birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments .	1
an entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart .	1
cool ?	1
not really bad so much as distasteful : we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers .	0
like you could n't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .	0
schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character .	0
if you 're hard up for raunchy college humor , this is your ticket right here .	1
allows us to hope that nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker .	1
too slow , too long and too little happens .	0
so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he 'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor .	1
the magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances .	1
the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess 's home video of their baby 's birth .	0
a giggle a minute .	1
a solid examination of the male midlife crisis .	1
late marriage 's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep u.s. viewers off their feet .	0
at least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch .	0
my big fat greek wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor .	1
audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she 's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amélie .	1
richard gere and diane lane put in fine performances as does french actor oliver martinez .	1
anchored by friel and williams 's exceptional performances , the film 's power lies in its complexity .	1
this is so bad .	0
harris commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness .	1
... the film suffers from a lack of humor (something needed to balance out the violence) ...	0
a coarse and stupid gross-out .	0
the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries .	1
bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the era 's creme de la celluloid .	1
people cinema at its finest .	1
more whiny downer than corruscating commentary .	0
not only unfunny , but downright repellent .	0
this is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults .	1
reign of fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way .	1
thanks to scott 's charismatic roger and eisenberg 's sweet nephew , roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men .	1
trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son .	1
it 's clear the filmmakers were n't sure where they wanted their story to go , and even more clear that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination .	0
it has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death .	0
it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment .	0
it 's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellor that makes this `` two weddings and a funeral '' fun .	1
charles ' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld 's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams ' attempts to get his shot at the big time .	1
sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out .	0
not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions .	0
like leon , it 's frustrating and still oddly likable .	1
its well of thorn and vinegar (and simple humanity) has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously lacks .	0
while it 's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records (sugar hill gang , etc.) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences .	0
whaley 's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting .	0
teen movies have really hit the skids .	0
morton uses her face and her body language to bring us morvern 's soul , even though the character is almost completely deadpan .	1
partway through watching this saccharine , easter-egg-colored concoction , you realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected tv show .	0
minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report .	1
the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well .	0
it is great summer fun to watch arnold and his buddy gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters .	1
it all adds up to good fun .	1
it 's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman .	1
the fly-on-the-wall method used to document rural french school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work .	1
reggio 's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking .	1
further proof that the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of dubya 's axis of evil .	1
... a story we have n't seen on the big screen before , and it 's a story that we as americans , and human beings , should know .	1
beautifully observed , miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama .	1
a sequel that 's much too big for its britches .	0
may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen .	0
velocity represents everything wrong with '' independent film '' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene .	0
a difficult , absorbing film that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than are far more pointed and clear .	1
without ever becoming didactic , director carlos carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality .	1
for starters , the story is just too slim .	0
it 's fun lite .	1
it 's like every bad idea that 's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs ' slickness and sophistication (and who knew they even had any ?) .	0
... routine , harmless diversion and little else .	1
the film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner .	0
a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton 's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana .	1
if director michael dowse only superficially understands his characters , he does n't hold them in contempt .	0
one long string of cliches .	0
the movie 's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast .	1
it 's everything you do n't go to the movies for .	0
so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie .	1
deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness .	0
it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away .	1
an artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre .	1
delivers the same old same old , tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas .	0
the band 's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies (this one included) .	1
scooby dooby doo \/ and shaggy too \/ you both look and sound great .	1
against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine .	1
care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrman 's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters .	0
it takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as ` worse than expected , ' but ghost ship somehow manages to do exactly that .	0
an effectively creepy , fear-inducing (not fear-reducing) film from japanese director hideo nakata , who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it .	1
slick piece of cross-promotion .	1
one of creepiest , scariest movies to come along in a long , long time , easily rivaling blair witch or the others .	1
tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar .	0
a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance ...	0
ahhhh ... revenge is sweet !	1
seldahl 's barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness .	1
this movie is maddening .	0
at once half-baked and overheated .	0
manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time .	1
there is a fabric of complex ideas here , and feelings that profoundly deepen them .	1
perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie .	0
so unassuming and pure of heart , you ca n't help but warmly extend your arms and yell ` safe ! '	1
` de niro ... is a veritable source of sincere passion that this hollywood contrivance orbits around . '	1
kinnear does n't aim for our sympathy , but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth .	1
by getting myself wrapped up in the visuals and eccentricities of many of the characters , i found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie .	0
chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson 's dahmer .	1
you 'll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and possibly , watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea , shed an errant tear .	1
not since tom cruise in risky business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear .	1
... a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of jean reno .	1
a wildly inconsistent emotional experience .	0
it 's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible .	1
the heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence .	0
it 's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic .	0
i 'm just too bored to care .	0
travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment .	1
with the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by cedric the entertainer as perry 's boss , there is n't a redeeming moment here .	0
there 's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of birthday girl .	1
passable entertainment , but it 's the kind of motion picture that wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards .	0
preaches to two completely different choirs at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment .	1
entertains by providing good , lively company .	1
almost gags on its own gore .	0
jason x is positively anti-darwinian : nine sequels and 400 years later , the teens are none the wiser and jason still kills on auto-pilot .	0
martin and barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid .	1
it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal .	0
it provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds .	1
if looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , do n't settle for this imposter .	0
there 's ... tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate .	1
it 's a buggy drag .	0
light years \/ several warp speeds \/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection .	1
combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , beck seems to be under the illusion that he 's shooting the latest system of a down video .	0
as the latest bid in the tv-to-movie franchise game , i spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor .	0
(chaiken 's) talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively , convincing dialogue she creates for her characters .	1
the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle .	0
and when you 're talking about a slapstick comedy , that 's a pretty big problem .	0
while locals will get a kick out of spotting cleveland sites , the rest of the world will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning coen brothers envious .	1
so unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines .	0
something akin to a japanese alice through the looking glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously .	1
byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us , and he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama .	1
it 's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think .	1
oh come on .	0
a moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , solaris is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate .	1
puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with .	1
serving sara does n't serve up a whole lot of laughs .	0
the chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between gauls and yanks .	1
there 's too much falseness to the second half , and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging .	0
the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant .	0
it 's like watching a nightmare made flesh .	0
on the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality .	0
instead , he shows them the respect they are due .	1
in exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if i 'd been sitting naked on an igloo , formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey .	0
an exquisitely crafted and acted tale .	1
sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance .	0
generally , clockstoppers will fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler , while happily killing 94 minutes .	1
a gripping movie , played with performances that are all understated and touching .	1
overall the film feels like a low-budget tv pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube .	0
a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama .	1
the emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who 's ever had family trauma .	1
all-in-all , the film is an enjoyable and frankly told tale of a people who live among us , but not necessarily with us .	1
verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies .	0
once (kim) begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors , you may decide it 's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard .	0
a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality .	1
a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow .	1
sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the wwii-era mississippi delta undermine this adaptation .	0
bleakly funny , its characters all the more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves .	1
whether writer-director anne fontaine 's film is a ghost story , an account of a nervous breakdown , a trip down memory lane , all three or none of the above , it is as seductive as it is haunting .	1
pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins .	0
this is n't even madonna 's swept away .	0
one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals ... a psychological masterpiece .	1
(serry) wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition .	1
... mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero . '	1
griffiths proves she 's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession .	1
the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ai n't pretty .	0
i 'd have to say the star and director are the big problems here .	0
does n't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces ... that raise the bar on stylized screen violence .	0
makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience .	0
fancy a real downer ?	0
in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest .	0
movie fans , get ready to take off ... the other direction .	0
exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue , this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling .	1
this is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .	0
drops you into a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why .	1
atom egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues	1
at a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons , it 's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form 's history .	1
it 's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here 's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role .	0
coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit .	0
yes , dull .	0
if the first men in black was money , the second is small change .	0
not since japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa 's ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur .	1
fresnadillo 's dark and jolting images have a way of plying into your subconscious like the nightmare you had a week ago that wo n't go away .	1
how do you spell cliché ?	0
ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine .	0
looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in jane hamilton 's exemplary costumes , rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon . '	1
mcconaughey 's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script .	1
for the most part stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .	1
at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there 's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential .	0
a full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution .	1
there is nothing outstanding about this film , but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine .	1
it takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of robert forster , anne meara , eugene levy , and reginald veljohnson all in the same movie .	0
samira makhmalbaf 's new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it 's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal	0
if you dig on david mamet 's mind tricks ... rent this movie and enjoy !	1
what distinguishes time of favor from countless other thrillers is its underlying concern with the consequences of words and with the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acts .	1
the tale of tok (andy lau) , a sleek sociopath on the trail of o (takashi sorimachi) , the most legendary of asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold .	0
an interesting story with a pertinent (cinematically unique) message , told fairly well and scored to perfection , i found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive `` missing thing . ''	1
offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs ... a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm .	0
it 's just disappointingly superficial -- a movie that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than scratch the surface .	0
the far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past .	1
and if you 're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes , you 've got ice water in your veins .	1
due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director 's brother , the film trails off into inconsequentiality .	0
something like scrubbing the toilet .	0
what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we 've shared a great adventure .	1
a poignant and compelling story about relationships , food of love takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart .	1
looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen .	0
holden caulfield did it better .	0
as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming .	1
it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study .	1
it 's just filler .	0
the best that can be said about the work here of scottish director ritchie ... is that he obviously does n't have his heart in it .	0
there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked .	0
to call the other side of heaven `` appalling '' would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be .	0
director andrew niccol ... demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame .	1
feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work .	0
may be far from the best of the series , but it 's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation .	1
for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal .	1
a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda .	1
of course , by more objective measurements it 's still quite bad .	0
i do n't think i laughed out loud once .	0
it 's inoffensive , cheerful , built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery , it 's about as exciting as a sunburn .	0
the experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not .	0
visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking bore , the true creativity would have been to hide treasure planet entirely and completely reimagine it .	0
with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap .	0
one of the more intelligent children 's movies to hit theaters this year .	1
manages to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer .	1
uncommonly stylish but equally silly ... the picture fails to generate much suspense , nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions .	0
an exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir , minority report twists the best of technology around a gripping story , delivering a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order	1
... an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly should n't hurt talented young gaghan 's resume .	1
the movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate\/surf culture , the l.a. beach scene and the imaginative (and sometimes illegal) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults .	1
works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them .	0
while undisputed is n't exactly a high , it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes mr. hill higher than he 's been in a while .	1
what is 100 % missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting .	0
forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending .	0
even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting .	0
the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide .	0
a rarity among recent iranian films : it 's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist 's plight .	1
at its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .	0
his comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude , calculated to provoke shocked laughter , without following up on a deeper level .	0
but the power of these (subjects) is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film 's narrative .	0
the movie does a good job of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life .	1
the quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy .	1
far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features nickelodeon has made from its other animated tv series .	1
the words , ` frankly , my dear , i do n't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate .	0
worth watching for dong jie 's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change .	1
less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins .	0
the so-inept - it 's - surreal dubbing (featuring the voices of glenn close , regis philbin and breckin meyer) brings back memories of cheesy old godzilla flicks .	0
it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right .	1
director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand .	1
belongs to daniel day-lewis as much as it belongs to martin scorsese ; it 's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film .	1
it moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it does n't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the cold war datedness -- of its premise .	1
a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 .	1
prurient playthings aside , there 's little to love about this english trifle .	0
too often , the viewer is n't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .	0
very bad .	0
the draw (for `` big bad love '') is a solid performance by arliss howard .	1
too much of the humor falls flat .	0
some of their jokes work , but most fail miserably and in the end , pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny .	0
i can take infantile humor ... but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer 's diapers .	0
liotta put on 30 pounds for the role , and has completely transformed himself from his smooth , goodfellas image .	1
the structure the film takes may find matt damon and ben affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a good will hunting trilogy that was never planned .	1
brilliantly explores the conflict between following one 's heart and following the demands of tradition .	1
even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller 's hand often feels unsure .	0
the movie is dawn of the dead crossed with john carpenter 's ghosts of mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second .	0
not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit .	1
blanchett 's performance confirms her power once again .	1
... with `` the bourne identity '' we return to the more traditional action genre .	1
because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , ` swimfan ' left me with a very bad feeling .	0
this time mr. burns is trying something in the martin scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again .	0
even horror fans will most likely not find what they 're seeking with trouble every day ; the movie lacks both thrills and humor .	0
it 's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job .	0
one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year .	0
nothing 's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away -- still , the derivative nine queens is lots of fun .	1
unfortunately , it 's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .	0
this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film .	0
this movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work .	0
i thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as i slogged my way through clockstoppers .	0
the very definition of the ` small ' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher .	1
it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so	0
if steven soderbergh 's ` solaris ' is a failure it is a glorious failure .	1
as ` chick flicks ' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting .	0
... takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport	1
