a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they've rarely been given .	0
as a result , sarah embarks upon a journey of discovery that leads to danger , heartbreak and romance in the far corners of the world .	1
the course of their experiences ultimately involves with sammy boi , an aggressive rapper caught in a bad contract while on of his songs is a major radio hit ; joan vicks , a devious a&#38 ; r executive for viewpointe records , randy tigge , a drug addicted , cross-dressing rock star ; and michael dileo , the chairman of viewpointe record , who some simply call satan .	1
frailty isn't as gory or explicit . but in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing .	0
what's so striking about jolie's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .	0
it briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest -Ц audience sadism -- is evaded completely .	0
he still lives in his new york city orphanage well after the usual age of release .	1
defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone's willingness to believe in it . but darned if it doesn't also keep us riveted to our seats .	0
isabel ( rica ) and clara ( maui ) , two childhood friends separated by fate .	1
[janey] forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .	0
aimed at a new age audience , but its subject's sincerity and gentle , self-deprecating nature translate well to a general audience .	0
they wander around japan in panda outfits , wreak havoc on a once civilized golf court , they even do stunts involving live alligators , and so on .	1
the marquis de sade couldn't have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be .	0
panic room fits nicely within the trajectory of the elegant career arc fincher has already plotted .	0
the entire town begins to look for ellen when she fails to appear at home that night .	1
the fortune-teller's mentally retarded nephew , who comes to hear the prophesy , follows the girl .	1
 " mr . deeds " is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .	0
she is the supply teacher of the 6d , the worst group of st-c&#233 ; cile elementary school .	1
but this is 1960's england , and when the neighbours start to make life difficult for the new arrivals , david's family are caught in the middle , and he has to choose between fitting in and standing up for the new friends who have turned his world upside down .	1
there are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them .	0
a situation or activity specially suited to a person's abilities or character .	1
armed with $20 dollars and a backpack pastor william sets off on an adventure across the united states in an adventure that would change the lives of millions and test him beyond measure .	1
the rich woman seeks the help of her lawyers to find her lost grandson cary and eventually finds him living in a deprived area with cass .	1
chris forces mitchell to deliver guns and drugs while he hangs out on a rooftop and freaks out all day .	1
you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .	0
based on a true story , this is about the irish journalist veronica guerin ( cate blanchett ) , a reporter for the dublin sunday independent , who exposed some of dublin's most powerful crime barons and drug lords in 1996 .	1
her scholarship and her dreams are on the line and jenny takes an emotional roller coaster ride on the path to work it out .	1
a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces .	0
how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?	0
john leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie .	0
sort of an existential version of a seinfeld episode .	0
a resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution .	0
trapped presents a frightening and compelling 'what if ? ' scenario that will give most parents pause . . . . then , something terrible happens .	0
later on , when frode is safely tucked in bed , something is stirring in the closet , because that little monster puppet is no ordinary puppet .	1
jolie's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips .	0
a canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a london sociopath who's the scariest of sadists .	0
showing this beautiful city as seen through the eyes of it's favorite son in his most frantic moments .	1
a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection .	0
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .	0
enough to ensure adrien's family's future and to give werner one last opportunity to face death head on . . .	1
mark hamill , sally struthers , brad hunt , angela featherstone and missy crider round out the cast .	1
your night horrors start to bleed into your day job .	1
frodo and sam take gollum prisoner and continue on to mordor on the mission to destroy the one ring .	1
however , she got more than what she bargained for when she realised she could even see ghosts .	1
an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .	0
with no other leads , claire warily sets out with miles towards tiburon , a secret community outside the city that may be the last hold-out against the drug . . .	1
in converging with angels , a world-weary sex worker ( dylan thomas ) impulsively takes in a drunk , fragile young woman who is in distress ( allison campbell ) , hoping to force some measure of redemption in a life that is financially comfortable , but morally and spiritually bankrupt .	1
events go from tragic to dangerous as racism , paranoia , and a secret mistress come into play .	1
3 years after retiring from the fbi because of a near-fatal encounter with hannibal lecter , who was helping him catch the " chesapeake ripper " , only to reveal it was hannibal himself , will graham is asked by his ex-partner jack crawford to come solve one last case - 2 slaughtered families every full moon .	1
the rabbi refuses , but gives goldman peculiar advice on how to do away with her , setting into motion a series of unexpected events .	1
it's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .	0
the film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch christian right propaganda machine into national media circles .	0
it follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every schwarzenegger film : someone crosses arnie . arnie blows things up .	0
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .	0
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language .	0
after many years of sleeping in his coffin , the vampire lestat awakens only to find that the world has changed and he wants to be a part of it .	1
as night falls , the terrified group of young athletes must fight their own fears and prejudices and come together in a seemingly hopeless struggle asainst a winged nightmare , hellbent on stockpiling as many victims as it can on the ultimate night of its grizzly , ritual feast .	1
another more vicous gang known as the vipers is a possible threat to leon and bobby's efforts .	1
this eruption of bloody violence becomes the catalyst for the unleashing of dark forces with terrifying results .	1
resort to an all-night crime spree that nets them a ten thousand dollar reward for their own crimes , thanks to a bizarre twist of fate .	1
the film's plot may be shallow , but you've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .	0
the clues are few and time is running out for the students of rogers high school .	1
arvasu prepares to marry outside his brahmin caste - but for this , according to the tribal custom , he has to present himself before nittilai's village elders .	1
davis . . . is so enamored of her own creation that she can't see how insufferable the character is .	0
anyone who professes to love movies should see alexander sokurov's russian ark .	0
don't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches . . .	0
meanwhile , randolph is slowly turning insane with his only thoughts focusing on killing smoochy and getting back to his life of luxury .	1
however , the job his army buddy promised doesn't materialize , and he can't escape his past .	1
a laboratory accident exposes bruce to both the radiation and the nanomeds , these combine with his unique genetics to unleash the hulk .	1
fans of waiting for guffman , american movie and rushmore have found a new favorite in this hilarious mockumentary .	1
gigli , a lowly and inept hitman , is assigned a job by the mob to kidnap a mentally retarded brother of a california district attorney .	1
the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i'm likely to see all year .	0
in harlem , martin blaze , a writer for vibe , thinks he's a loser since his fianc&#233 ; e cheated on him .	1
this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .	0
often self-consciously surreal , this award-winner scores high for originality .	0
instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources Ц good sources , bad mixture	0
for the most part , the ingredients are there . but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck's film from coming together .	0
in the heat of the moment dante blames lucy saying , " you never wanted this baby .	1
gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .	0
i haven't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered .	0
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids . . . getting . . . very . . . heavy . . .	0
the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public	0
in 8 minutes we go into the life of a little boy who tries to get away with not doing his task .	1
life , love , and the fear of failing . . .	1
shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic .	0
at once somber and mysterious , comical and sad . it shows just how lonely a crowded city can be .	0
tavernier shows us , in more ways than one , that le cinй ma de qualitй lives on .	0
starving artist gus bishop can't even give away his paintings .	1
 . . . too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film .	0
[villeneuve] seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death .	0
wise , cruelly observant of human nature and hysterically funny .	0
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .	0
the movie's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension .	0
the joy has gone out of phil's and penny's life , but when an unexpected tragedy occurs , they are brought together to rediscover their love .	1
a full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution .	0
 . . . the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .	0
a film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world .	0
asia authors herself as anna battista , an italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy .	0
viewed on its own terms , treasure planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the stevenson's novel will likely prefer disney's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic .	0
as this sacrifice draws to its close , our story begins .	1
she spends the night with pqd , one of the musicians .	1
after witnessing a horrific and traumatic event , julia lund ( laura regan ) , a graduate student in psychology , gradually comes to the realization that everything which scared her as a child could be real .	1
the performances are so leaden , michael rymer's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud .	0
in capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .	0
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .	0
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg's the prince of egypt from 1998 .	0
a few days later , during the ancient festival of samhain , a group of american university students moves in a beautiful cottage , surrounded by a lush forest and a majestic lake they are here to learn about the rituals of the ancient druids and other celtic legends .	1
if you dig on david mamet's mind tricks . . . rent this movie and enjoy !	0
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .	0
terry and dean are lifelong friends who have grown-up together : shotgunning their first beers , forming their first garage band , and growing the great canadian mullet known as " hockey hair " .	1
the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .	0
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .	0
although it tries to be much more , it's really just another major league .	0
velma is aloof to roxie , however the prison warden mrs morton offers roxie the opportunity of representation by slick chicago lawyer billy flynn .	1
on its own , it's not very interesting . as a remake , it's a pale imitation .	0
and keeping their heads on their necks will become their main concern . . .	1
like other almodуvar films , it delights in its scandals . but its sensitivities are extravagant , which means it's one of the most beautiful black comedies ever made .	0
he is a cop , and chances are he's going to make some trouble for vince too .	1
just to add more complication to this already complicated plot , two thieves decide to steal the case and lead a miami police team and two fbi agents on a wild goose chase that ends inside the airport terminal .	1
he becomes the man he always should have ( and could have ) been .	1
while there are times when the film's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it doesn't .	0
a bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist's career .	0
a close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .	0
a man gets into a car and makes a farewell address to his young daughter , explaining why he will blow himself up as a protest against the dictatorship he lives in .	1
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .	0
nicklas passes out , and the next day when he returns to school he notices that nobody seems to notice him .	1
set in present-day hollywood , the story concerns a script which does not exist , but nonetheless draws praise and bids from the creative community .	1
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .	0
ultimately . . . the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .	0
when a movie is as down-and-out funny as austin powers in goldmember , it's easy to overlook the missed opportunities and fizzled jokes littering the barrage of hilarity .	0
gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up .	0
all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto .	0
the balance of the movie shows the revenge of the various wronged parties .	1
the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession .	0
to lena , vaughn represents the life she is running away from .	1
undisputed is undeniable fun , thanks to its rugged rock pile of attitude , bravado and fisticuffs .	0
they think that if they rebuild it to work like it did in their youth , they might be able to communicate with their sister who died mysteriously on that beach 20 years ago .	1
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis .	0
a garden-fresh morality tale for the kids , with monty python-inspired humor .	0
though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .	0
i've heard that the fans of the first men in black have come away hating the second one . i wonder why . they felt like the same movie to me .	0
archeology professor robert burns is on location leading an important dig in the ancient ruins on the far eastern chinese border .	1
felice finds herself in danger from the man she came to save .	1
 " underground poets railroad " is equal parts concert film of performances at universities , churches , fire stations and national monuments across the country ; road trip documentary ; and , ultimately , a tribute to the 12 black firefighters who gave their lives on september 11 .	1
the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .	0
the 57-minute , color documentary feature film , wedding advice : speak now or forever hold your peace , explores contemporary american ambivalence about weddings and marriage .	1
purpo$e is the story of young internet entrepreneur , john elias .	1
nine year old brian billings has been diagnosed with an acute fear of the dark .	1
the documentary will combine an interview with mr . mcnamara discussing some of the tragedies and glories of the 20th century , archival footage , documents , and an original score by philip glass .	1
[demme] creates a film that is both traditional , in keeping with its source material , and new millennium hip .	0
the film's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor will catch some off guard . . .	0
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .	0
he must set out to find her the medicine that will help ale her illness but finds himself in a predicament where he encounters trouble , evil and of course love .	1
it's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman .	0
but he's found a way to allow him to escape .	1
little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .	0
he dreams of shedding all material worth and going on a spiritual awakening .	1
sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltown's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood .	0
all social structures break down and a new world order emerges from the heart of the desert .	1
all in all , the animation is what cracked my urge to despise this squeaky cartoon .	0
the soundtrack alone -- the literal pulse of the thing -- will rock you in your seat .	0
a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .	0
[cho's face is] an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .	0
michael , an obessive compulsive real estate dealer who enjoys " the younger set . "	1
not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .	0
the quest is hope and the passions that drive us in this search .	1
based on a true story , sergeant peter king ( kenneth cranham ) of the army dental corps , too old to fight , and private leslie cuthbertson ( leo bill ) , a trainee dental mechanic in the corps , are thrown together by their passionate desire to see active service .	1
the story follows a university of texas professor , dr . david gale , an advocate for the abolishment of capital punishment , who is falsly convicted of rape and murder of another activist .	1
it's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic .	0
this is a very good film , and it heralds an emerging directorial talent .	0
but sue , angry and feeling abandoned by lynn , decides to carry out the killing herself .	1
 " 13 conversations " holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .	0
soul is what's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself .	0
if myers decides to make another austin powers movie , maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil .	0
the planet however is populated by murderous psychopaths who kill two of the astronauts right away .	1
the pink house is a fast-paced , youthful comedy that has been called a sweeter , more intellectual animal house .	1
takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker .	0
it is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival .	0
there's no emotional pulse to solaris . with an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , soderbergh's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff .	0
in this playful and rollicking swashbuckler , drag king pirates take to the high seas on a quest to restore stolen treasures .	1
many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so could young romantics out on a date .	0
ralph's the kind of guy the nerds stole lunch money from .	1
we open on the main character alex , a chef , put out by her effort for the shower and struggling with her desire to make things " picture-perfect . "	1
after steve's job opportunity in san francisco falls through , he comes up with a plan .	1
the eccentric stories of a free spirited couple , the husband's brother , a basket ball game , a bookie named dutch , two sinister , corrupt twins conniving over a faberge' egg for their wife's anniversary , a business is business hit-man , and an ex-con that has nothing to do with this story .	1
ray's always playing the angles , and he's got his eye on a horse that's cheap because it's been misdiagnosed .	1
thankfully , the film , which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality . . . takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the croc hunter agenda .	0
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .	0
after having christmas present and rent money stolen by someone posing as santa , they get jobs working as unarmed security guards in the local mall , they get threatened with eviction , pick up girls , get drunk , take drugs and need quick cash .	1
this is the story of ryan , a thirty-something office worker , persecuted by his supervisor angela and under-appreciated his fianc&#233 ; e jo .	1
singer patricia paradise ( dee wallace stone ) has everything : beauty , fame , success , money . . .	1
they come to get afang &#38 ; xiang , because they were once involved in a war , and they have to testifie .	1
to help him complete his manuscript he hires stenographer emma .	1
she's telling her story because she wants to set the record straight , to correct the lies in natalie's book , which became a bestseller .	1
it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .	0
landon ( west ) hung with the in-crowd an aimless , moody , reckless guy who breezed through school on looks and bravado and had no plans , no future and no faith in himself .	1
his father eventually becomes very ill and passes away , the future of rammoth lays in ancanar's hands .	1
massoud's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history .	0
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .	0
but convincing his lifelong friend is just the beginning .	1
a depressingly retrograde , 'post-feminist' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .	0
there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that don't care about being stupid	0
clara has gone wild after her mother runs off with another man .	1
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire .	0
beyond borders is an epic tale of the turbulent romance between two star-crossed lovers set against the backdrop of the world's most dangerous hot spots .	1
a top secret military project hires prestigious university students to assist create a cell altering machine called the 'gammasphere' .	1
in the outback and through the bush with his wife terri's ever-present commentary ringing out over the countryside ( " that was a close one , steve ! " ) , the crocodile hunter is out to save the gorgeous croc and relocate him .	1
martin is going on a blinddate and in his internal government the ministers are preparing for a routine state visit .	1
this could be lizzy's only chance to start a new life and recreate the family she tragically lost as a child .	1
set in a 1986 harlem that doesn't look much like anywhere in new york .	0
though constantly dreaming of a romantic love , he is not bold enough to make his dreams come true .	1
but dr . jookiba and the earth expert pleakley never could have guessed that earth girl lilo adopts the experiment as dog , gives him the name stitch and actually causes an emotional development in the little beast .	1
she ignores him and climbs the town water tower regularly .	1
 . . . a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor .	0
but with betts systematically eliminating anyone in his way , a further web of conspiracy unfolds and rachel and daniel are led to her old family doctor , robert barrum ( frank finlay ) .	1
this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world .	0
a wealthy american quaker woman rebels and marries a french baron for love .	1
a lot rides on coincidence . or fate . or the magic pull of the moon . it all makes sense in the end .	0
i didn't find much fascination in the swinging . what they're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . but that they are doing it is thought-provoking .	0
exactly what you'd expect from a guy named kaos .	0
this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . he's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .	0
suddenly , fields realizes that he has more in common with the migrants and their search for home , family and freedom than he thought .	1
the backyard follows several backyard wrestlers in different countries as they pursue their dream to become professional wrestlers .	1
the story really has no place to go since simone is not realЧshe can't provide any conflict .	0
hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old's suicidal poetry .	0
this is so de palma . if you love him , you'll like it . if you don't . . . well , skip to another review .	0
kimberly corman , 19 , was just taking a trip with her friends . .	1
even by dumb action-movie standards , ballistic : ecks vs . sever is a dumb action movie .	0
this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .	0
a mythic motorcycle tale of father and son " , this is the story of manuel galloway ( fishburne ) , also known as " the king of cali " , the president of a motorcycle club whose members are all african-american men , mostly white-collar workers who exchange their suits and ties at night and on weekends for leather outfits and motorcycle helmets .	1
in this action-comedy , four twenty-something friends are looking for love and having no luck .	1
one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .	0
montias . . . pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters .	0
the determination of pinochet's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .	0
now finding the town run by the man behind the terrible act , slaughter teams up with the mysterious gunslinger savannah starr to try and rid the west of one of it's great evils .	1
in return , a million dollars in cash each .	1
this is the final straw for roxie , and her constant anger at rejection explodes .	1
he confesses to committing a series of particularly horrifying murders of exclusively female victims .	1
there's . . . tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate .	0
the production values are up there . the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick . the voices are fine as well . the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script .	0
however , instead of bringing the prime minister down , ali is embraced by the nation as the voice of youth and 'realness' , making the prime minister and his government more popular than ever .	1
gran historia sobre el amor , la familia , la lealtad y la traiciуn que seguramente se convertirб en un nuevo clбsico del gйnero .	0
so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . not to mention absolutely refreshed .	0
i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .	0
the camera cuts back and forth between gus and grace : he talks about what a great driver he is , she says he's a lousy driver .	1
he soon finds himself plunged into a mystery only to find himself at the heart of it .	1
an unusual and compelling chinese film about the loving interventions of a father and mother whose oldest son is a drug addict .	0
mile zero is a story about a father with a remarkable capacity to love , but who lets fear and desperation rule his actions .	1
this is a true documentry of art versus money-driven media conglomerates .	1
based on gail carson levine's award winning novel , this is the story of ella , a young woman who was given a " gift " of obedience by a fairy named lucinda .	1
vir , a young man from a rural village , learns on his wedding day that the people whom he thought were his parents arn't .	1
they will try to find hanareh , a singer with a magic voice who crossed the border and may now be in danger in the iraqi kurdistan .	1
james clayton ( farrell ) might not have the attitude of a typical recruit , but he is one of the smartest graduating seniors in the country - and he's just the person that walter burke ( pacino ) wants in the agency .	1
when miami dentist ted brooks ( cuba gooding , jr . ) learns that his birth mother has passed away and that he was named in her will , he travels to alaska to claim his inheritance .	1
the two men ( anthony and michael ) are successful in the high tech world of silicon valley , and have known each other since childhood .	1
gooding is the energetic frontman , and it's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .	0
a film full of vivid characters , quiet beauty and gentle grace .	0
the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .	0
holland lets things peter out midway , but it's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .	0
hollywood vampyr is an expose of los angeles' gothic subculture as seen through the eyes of a young female vampire .	1
they persevere and in the end a startling surprise bubbles to the surface that changes everything .	1
while broomfield's film doesn't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .	0
zhang . . . has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast .	0
uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict , adolescent yearning , the roots of friendship and sexual identity .	0
a classic romance always involves a certain formula : boy meets girl , boy loses girl , boy gets girl . beijing bicycle is a romance , except the love interest is a bicycle and not a girl .	0
desperate to help her father , katie enlists the help of her two best friends , clay and austin , in a wild plan to rob the bank where her mother works .	1
chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it's . . . like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror .	0
chomsky , in stark and uncompromising terms , challenges the united states to apply to its own actions the moral standards it demands of others .	1
multiple , intersecting planes of experience , often mired in a sordid backstory of the american dream/empire ( featured voices include florida death row inmates , palestinian poets , and novelist kathy acker ) seek to produce new areas of resolution .	1
when wei is promoted from the rank of nightclub parking valet to the rank of debt-collector in brother gu's gang , he persuades his boss to hire jie to work alongside him .	1
freddy krueger ( robert englund ) is desparate to kill , but he can't since the parents of elm street have been doping their kids up with dream suppressants .	1
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers' hearts .	0
immediately they are further sent to romulus , where a new praetor , shinzon , a half-reman cloned from captain picard , appears to want peace with the federation .	1
while [hill] has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film .	0
the only thing that can help him is a very expensive operation , an operation their family can in no way afford .	1
tina tyler cleverly directs five vignettes with unabashed sexual prowess .	1
comedic high jinks ensue as the two go on the lam and start to fall in love .	1
if you're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you -Ц decasia	0
the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible .	0
john takes off , his trust in the system diminishing rapidly .	1
we've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there's an enthusiastic charm in <i ? fire that makes the formula fresh again .	0
a comic tale about the end of the summer in ireland , 2001 , where 5 boys and 5 girls are out to end the summer with a bang before heading back to school to sit the final exams , only to be thwarted by comic mishappenings .	1
despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .	0
the very definition of the 'small' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher .	0
when lapd computer expert peter fowler investigates the killing of an old man in chinatown , he finds the only witness is his dog , cho cho .	1
like the best war movies -- and like martial literature going back to the iliad -- it balances the dreadful , unassuageable cruelty of warfare and the valor and decency of those who fight .	0
at times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do .	0
little does he know , he is investigating some of the biggest events of the star wars saga , as he finds out that there is a connection between the assassination attempts and a separtists movement led by a former jedi ( christopher lee ) against the republic .	1
in the end , alex unveils her secret , an act of truth , which forces this crazed cast of characters to re-examine their own lives .	1
this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .	0
as a director , mr . ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects .	0
an entertaining and poignantly bittersweet take-down of a good man's midlife crisis .	0
empire can't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film . it doesn't work as either .	0
for as god watches we live , some according to his will and some not .	1
i like it . no , i hate it . no , i love it . . . hell , i dunno .	0
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted " other . "	0
paro's world crashed knowing that her devdas would be gone and she lit a diya , for it signified the fast coming back of her loved one .	1
she can't get in there because te door is locked .	1
bear has never gotten over the separation from his wife and daughter after having been convicted for armed robbery and homicide and sent to prison .	1
 . . . one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i've seen in quite a long time .	0
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit . some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie .	0
francis takes advantage of his wife success and reputation to bring his ambitious casino project of its feet .	1
this is the story of a deaf mute who is laid off , and his sister , who requires a kidney transplant .	1
in his way , meets prosit , a german villain on a persistant mission to find pots of gold in the superstition montains .	1
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .	0
writer/director steve oedekerk uses contemporary characters and splices them into a 1970s kung-fu film , weaving the new and old together .	1
 sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .	0
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering . . . may put off insiders and outsiders alike .	0
he works as an illustrator at a news paper and his life is pretty okay .	1
the movie is a meditation on the love and envy that russia has always felt toward europe , and i won't pretend i got more than 30 percent of what was going on .	0
fearing that bobby is drifting away from him , nicholas takes a chance and kisses him .	1
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .	0
 . . . a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it .	0
meyjes' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .	0
marquez is working with barrillo , and is about to assassinate el presidente and assume power .	1
a provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love .	0
the webster family stopped having christmas together several years ago when the fighting and accidents became too much .	1
it almost plays like solaris , but with guns and jokes .	0
he is at a loss to describe what he may have seen to the police , to ellen's mother , to himself .	1
using almost no dialogue , the film follows a number of residents ( both human and animal ) of a small rural community in hungary - an old man with hiccups , a shepherdess and her sheep , an old woman who may or may not be up to no good , some folk-singers at a wedding , etc . while most of the film is a series of vignettes , there is a sinister and often barely perceptible subplot involving murder .	1
unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers .	0
but when he discovers an odd wristwatch amidst his father's various inventions and slips it on , something very strange happens .	1
graзas аs interaзхes entre seus personagens , o filme torna-se nгo apenas uma histуria divertida sobre uma curiosa perseguiзгo , mas tambйm um belo estudo de personagens .	0
i was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither .	0
one thing has been made very clear -- being john malkovich wasn't a fluke .	0
it is so refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he's been making for the last several years .	0
de niro looks bored , murphy recycles murphy , and you mentally add showtime to the pile of hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal .	0
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .	0
during lunch , michael , plays his well-used race card to make victoria uncomfortable .	1
lapd detective sergeant mitch preston cares only about doing his job and nailing crooks .	1
my little eye is the best little " horror " movie i've seen in years .	0
we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas .	0
true love is right around the corner as long as he doesn't lose sight of what he's looking for .	1
jimmy tong ( chan ) is just a lowly chauffeur for millionaire clark devlin ( isaacs ) , until devlin has an accident that puts him in the hospital .	1
a gripping documentary about james nachtwey , a new yorker who's a longtime and much-honored chronicler of the world's misery .	0
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .	0
the aftermath of a high school shooting leaves deanna cartwright ( erika christensen ) seriously wounded and nine others dead , including the perpetrator .	1
will they be able to finally destroy the tall man for good ?	1
surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .	0
potter begins his second year at hogwarts school of wizardry , but is warned by a mysterious creature that danger awaits him at the school .	1
a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .	0
rosetta projects seduction scenes from movie clips onto ruby , which absorbs as she sleeps .	1
in an attempt to prove the 58 million dollar claim on the ship is false , she flies to argentina and becomes embroiled in a dangerous web of deceit , lies , murder and lost love .	1
 " the french came and bruoght the gun and the coyote took away the sleepiness " .	1
the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) .	0
immediately there is bad blood with chambers not wanting to be second to no one which leads to a lunch room fight between the men .	1
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience . but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .	0
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .	0
an absurd comedy about a parking enforcement officer , who - despite constant abuse from the public - finds truth , honour and serenity in the act of ticketing .	1
steve quickly discovers that burt cannot even provide temporary lodging , but an administrator at his new high school directs him to a shelter for runaway kids where he soon learns to navigate his way .	1
tom is a charismatic late-night radio talk show host , whose unconventional upbringing has made him a little too quick to fall in love and marry , resulting in three divorces before the age of 40 .	1
when warren secretly discovers a wedding dress hidden in toni's closet , he realizes he has some serious decisions to make .	1
after an assassination attempt on the life of senator padme amidala ( natalie portman ) , jedi obi-wan kenobi ( ewan mcgregor ) and his padawan learner anakin skywalker ( hayden christensen ) are sent to investigate .	1
the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .	0
director roger michell mounts this thriller as an action-packed , sometimes tongue-in-cheek celebrity death match .	0
you know that ten bucks you'd spend on a ticket ? just send it to cranky . we don't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .	0
while gypsy's unprecedented disappearance perplexes the entire music industry , she retreats with her husband to the desolation of cape cod in winter . . .	1
amazing ? not quite . but this film sure is lovely .	0
the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .	0
they are then late for the train and have to ride it to school .	1
an impressively coordinated enterprise that lasts three hours , manages a large cast , and covers a period of 30-odd years while successfully unfolding as a series of scenes from the life of a single character .	0
dr . david gale , an advocate of eliminating the death penalty , is falsely accused of rape and murder .	1
a small house stands on a hill overlooking the inland sea .	1
it questions whether we really live in a world that can be divided neatly into black hats and white hats . and anyway , it wonders , is the guy in the black hat always wrong ?	0
gainey ) - would unearth a seedy world of drugs and violence , ultimately revealing a motley crew from la's underbelly including ex-con david lind ( dylan mcdermott ) , nightclub impresario eddie nash ( eric bogosian ) , the most unlikely of american heroes - porn legend john holmes ( val kilmer ) - holmes' estranged wife sharon ( lisa kudrow ) and his teenage lover dawn schiller ( kate bosworth ) . "	1
pero alargando la mano ya no consiguen dinero suficiente y salva decide aprovechar el ambiente general y hacerse pasar por un nuevo mes&#237 ; as .	1
you have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie's failings .	0
daphne , a seventeen-year-old girl from new york goes to england in search of her father , who does not know he had a child with an american girlfriend he met while working in morocco , and whose aristocratic family did not approve of the woman .	1
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro .	0
her all-star cast including nina hartley , kylie ireland , brooke hunter and more , peek at their highest performance levels .	1
is truth stranger than fiction ? in [screenwriter] charlie kaufman's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking .	0
what begins as a seemingly brainless , bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film's end , a feminist action fantasy .	0
to confirm his worst fears , thomas sprints outside and discovers that it is not just a terrible dream - his vision may never be the same .	1
in order to protect his sister , eddie - disabled , betrayed and alone - journeys into the heart of his own darkness : where he discovers that the reason for his ordeal lies in his own past sins and those of his adversary charlie strom .	1
between new york and california is the wasteland known as the plague zone .	1
four outlandish but faithful men , a moslem , a hindu , a jew and a christian coincidently meet up a mountain , at an altitude of 3000 metres .	1
enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment .	0
it has been a year since johnny and wayne created the ultimate bra for samantha's company .	1
she and her daughter try to escape ( such as to her previous boyfriend played by futterman ) , but he pursues relentlessly .	1
`martin lawrence live' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .	0
i don't think this movie loves women at all .	0
with the recent release of full-length features like " princess mononoke " and the 2001 dvd release of the classic " akira , " japanese animation is fast becoming a leading force in the american entertainment industry .	1
it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .	0
two pairs , each married for quite a long time , are living in a small east german town .	1
tsai ming-liang's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being .	0
the french are rather good at this kind of thing , unlike the americans , who have a passion for musketeers , only to spoof them .	0
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i don't think that a . c . will help this movie one bit .	0
once there , she finds more than she expected .	1
when the young and highly repressive king pentheus discovers that his own mother agave has given herself over to this upstart god of wine and erotic joy , he declares a state of war , despite the very stern warnings of cadmus , the former king and the famed prophet teiresias .	1
but all four are having trouble dealing with it , and steve has a job offer in san francisco .	1
lauren ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist .	0
as the strange thefts escalate , detective phil barbara ( gale harold ) is assigned to the case and is soon on chep and fran's trail .	1
the result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached .	0
silicon valley 1999 : a new gold rush is sweeping through california .	1
daphne , a free-spirited american 19-year-old ( amanda bynes ) raised by her equally free-spirited mother goes to england to establish a relationship with her father ( colin firth ) , who turns out to be a prominent political figure heavily involved in social customs .	1
henceforth , he will meet with unexpected situations that give him the idea for the perfect counterpoint in his plot of the absurd .	1
personal tragedies , however , threaten to rip the band apart , rocking the foundation of friendship and trust the women have built together .	1
from afar , he falls in love with a female police dispatcher who works directly across the street .	1
a clichйd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men .	0
certain that there's only one way to find out the truth , rachel returns to the hospital .	1
twenty-two year old steve is on top of the world .	1
there has to be a few advantages to never growing old . like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you're over 100 .	0
it includes practical advice for success in the world of freelance office support from dana clark , peoplemovin . com's	1
in betsy , she finds a dark mirror of herself - a lonely , angry , complex woman whose own troubled past proves disturbingly close to her own .	1
but soon they recieve a " sign " and are called back into action as a pastor is murdered in a boston church and the crime scene is staged to make it look like the work of the saints .	1
the old man marries her after a short period of acquaintance .	1
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .	0
all of them have demoted the importance of the real world , giving all of their attention to the fantasy world of the movies .	1
in the middle of world war i , nine british soldiers caught behind enemy lines seek refuge in a complex network of german trenches .	1
anxious to use artificial life to improve the world , rosetta stone , ( tilda swinton ) , a bio-geneticist creates a recipe for cyborgs and uses her own dna in order to breed three self replicating automatons , part human , part computer named ruby , olive and marine ( also played by tilda swinton ) .	1
documentary feature about the traditional viennese cinema " bellaria " , which is specialised in german cinema from the 20s , 30s and 40s and its regular customers , whose idols are stars like zarah leander or karl sch&#246 ; nb&#246 ; ck .	1
all that quickly changes when frodes father is going out with his new girlfriend mette , who hates children .	1
confronted with the reality that jazz has limited commercial appeal , the story focuses on the band's battles with the music industry and one another to find respect and recognition without 'selling out' .	1
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script .	0
for one week , eduardo coutinho and his team talked to 27 residents in an enormous building in copacabana .	1
after finishing the open examination for form 5 students and applying for an adult identity card , yoyo , eighteen , departs for london to meet a guy introduced by her well-meaning parents in britain .	1
when she ventures to vietnam to meet her mother , she unknowingly embarks on an emotional pilgrimage that spans decades and distance .	1
when not solving murders in tinseltown , detective joe gavilan and his rookie partner kasey calden both moonlight in other fields : gavilan sells real estate ( poorly ) , and calden aspires to become an actor ( brando , namely ) .	1
fundamentally , john learns that love and a sense of purpose are more powerful and more valuable than money .	1
sara , recently divorced and mourning the loss of her only child , rents her basement to bogdan , a serbian musician who brings the whole band along .	1
george discovers both the princess and the truth behind her strange disappearance .	1
full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience .	0
what would have otherwise been a routine nostalgic coming-of-ager takes on a new , innovative form .	0
only a man so afraid of his world is capable of building a device to change it .	1
a film about two intelligent , romantic people who ultimately have to 'earn' each other .	1
he spends each night lying awake in torment , waiting and watching as the evil in the darkness grows stronger , feeding off his fear .	1
and this particular scheme requires a large amount of time-travel , and kidnapping austin powers' father , england's master spy , nigel powers .	1
when sang-woo's mother finds work and finally returns for him , sang-woo has become a different boy .	1
after losing his and young son to divorce , he finds no alternative but to kidnap the boy inevitably dragging him through a harrowing journey of grief and as he learns to accept himself .	1
the story starts with a bit more in depth on the court house scene which ended the last film .	1
malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain . but the movie's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .	0
once the transformation is complete , he's ready to take on the evil perpetrators of operation whitewash--mr feather , penelope snow aka white she devil , and , ultimately , the man .	1
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .	0
from the late master filmmaker krzysztof kieslowski comes 'heaven' , the first installment of a trilogy .	1
harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .	0
george " ice man " chambers ( rhames ) is a top ranked heavyweight boxer .	1
functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .	0
this discovery thrusts tong into world of international intrigue and espionage and pairs him with an inexperienced partner ( hewitt ) .	1
lilli black , battling her painful memories and the secrets surrounding her dying father , collides into the complicated and obsessive life of morrison wiley on the streets of new york city .	1
as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .	0
an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams .	0
after realizing what had happened and unsure what else to do he began capturing the events unfolding around him .	1
forced with the ultimatum , keith launches himself on a day of reclamation .	1
they all decide to go together and they leave .	1
nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .	0
moore's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a david and goliath story that's still very much playing itself out .	0
unfortunately , the insurance would not cover his son's transplant .	1
to protect her relationship with john , she " ditches " her son , having him arrested and locked in a correctional " mental " facility , before coercing her older brother burt , who lives in hollywood , to take him .	1
in " house of 1000 corpses " , two young couples take a misguided tour onto the back roads of america in search of a local legend known as dr . satan .	1
with films like 'mouna ragam' , 'alaipayuthe' and now 'kannathil muthamittal' , maniratnam yet again proves that he is at his best when tackling human emotions and relationships .	1
brings a rare , clinically specific sense of moral complexity and humanistic sympathy to the usual regimen of finger-pointing and exposure .	0
the film " mnemosyne " is based on the ancient poem " thunder , perfect mind " , a visual journey of the human race , exploring where we have been and what we can become .	1
about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through .	0
unfortunatly fate was not on his side because problems on location caused the film to go bankrupt within 12 days of shooting .	1
as the sexual revolution blossomed , and porn sub culture flourished john was the man .	1
but when evil marauders steal their mothers&#180 ; s body in an attempt to trick their way into the island , the brothers join forces to deliver their dead mother to be buried with their father .	1
he tells her to keep fighting for her goals but still to compromise .	1
in a futuristic world , a strict regime has eliminated war by suppressing emotions : books , art and music are strictly forbidden and feeling is a crime punishable by death .	1
two angels realize that the babies have been switched , and decide to try and find the antichrist and prevent the end of the world .	1
she knows that kanna is back but now she does not want to go back to him .	1
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it isn't incomprehensible .	0
 a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we're all in this together .	0
but santa's got problems ( he's even mysteriously losing weight ) and things quickly go south when he finds out that his son , charlie , has landed on this year's " naughty " list .	1
by the time their power struggle is finally resolved , both bob and the assistant learn that neither one of them is really in charge .	1
although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .	0
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit .	0
lando , after knowing the situation , attempted to kill roman .	1
[city] reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of 'analyze this' ( 1999 ) and 'analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year .	0
capitalizing on his fame as the star of " hogan's heroes , " bob crane ( greg kinnear ) dove into the freewheeling spirit of the 60s and 70s with relish , having affairs with numerous women .	1
chon lin follows rathbone to london to kill him , while sending chon a letter telling him of the murder .	1
former caa power broker , michael ovitz is probably very sorry he ever decided to do that vanity fair interview .	1
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . by that measure , it is a failure .	0
off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all .	0
for too long the children have been abused , molested , neglected , exploited , and killed , and their tormentors have escaped through the cracks in the justice system .	1
if we don't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get .	0
when raj arrives in india , he is struck by tina's beauty but equally as struck to pooja's personality .	1
as he chases the elusive bounty hunter , jango ( and his cloned son boba ) leads obi wan to geonosis , where he meets count dooku and finds a startling revelation about the former jedi .	1
the film's snags and stumblings are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone .	0
this may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other holocaust films , but it's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it's told by the people who were there .	0
but when the substitute institutes some strange redefinitions of naughty and nice , putting christmas at risk , it's up to scott to return with a new bag of magic to try to save christmas .	1
with those classes under her belt , she then takes over her aunt's travel agency ( again making her father think it's his idea ) .	1
cho's latest comic set isn't as sharp or as fresh as i'm the one that i want . . . but it's still damn funny stuff .	0
connie sumner has a loving husband , a beautiful home , and a wonderful son , but she wants more .	1
the powerless wait a long time for justice , and sometimes their only justice is to finally tell their story .	0
an intense relationship drama that takes the form of a mystery , the event centers around a series of unexplained deaths that occur among the gay community in new york's fashionable chelsea district .	1
often overwrought and at times positively irritating , the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .	0
they team up and live their lives in the fast lane on the run .	1
exhausted and physically drained , they slowly pack up their equipment as the dawn light gradually builds and the emotional impact of the night's events deepens .	1
this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .	0
chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama .	0
his own colleagues after him , john follows a very small trace that might hold the key to his innocence , a strange unsolved yet predicted murder and a so-called " minority report " , a documentation of one of the rare events in which a precog sees something different than the other two .	1
barry egan ( adam sandler ) is a small business owner with seven sisters whose abuse has kept him alone and unable to fall in love .	1
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community .	0
nearly a decade after skynet sent back the t-1000 , john connor faces a female terminator , the t-x , with power over all machines .	1
the story of two lads from belfast as they stumble their way through the london gay underworld in search of 'gainful employment' .	1
like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .	0
as bob the tomato and the kids settle in to wait for a tow truck to help get their van back on the road , the " pirates who don't do anything " share a little story about a guy named jonah .	1
the pace of the film is very slow ( for obvious reasons ) and that too becomes off-putting .	0
the focus of this story takes place at an annual drag-racing event in fresno , as manuel tries to retain his championship title .	1
where the trail ends , terror begins soft-spoken 15-year old leland fitzgerald ( gosling ) commits a seemingly senseless murder that shocks his community , affecting both his victim's family and his own .	1
