you 'll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and possibly , watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea , shed an errant tear .	3
manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite .	1
the heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence .	0
part low rent godfather .	1
while it 's nice to watch a movie that has n't been focus-grouped into tedium , yu 's cinematic alchemy produces nearly as much lead as gold .	2
the vintage is pure ' 87 , with a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message : fatal attraction = do n't have an affair with a nutjob ; unfaithful = do n't if you 're married to one .	2
featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great daniel auteuil , `` sade '' covers the same period as kaufmann 's `` quills '' with more unsettlingly realistic results .	4
the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take .	0
unflinchingly bleak and desperate	1
apart from dazzling cinematography , we 've seen just about everything in blue crush in one form or the other .	2
this rather superficial arthouse middle-brow film knows how to please a crowd , and that 's about all it does well .	2
the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it 's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge .	2
it 's dumb , but more importantly , it 's just not scary .	0
for starters , the story is just too slim .	1
... a story we have n't seen on the big screen before , and it 's a story that we as americans , and human beings , should know .	3
-lrb- director -rrb- o'fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen , but his skill at telling a story -- he also contributed to the screenplay -- falls short .	0
however it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs , young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust .	1
though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions .	3
it 's not without its pleasures , but i 'll stick with the tune .	2
based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters	4
there 's not enough here to justify the almost two hours .	1
for all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses , there 's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love 's dissolution .	1
this disturbing bio-pic is hard to forget .	2
the film 's hackneyed message is not helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style .	0
-lrb- leigh -rrb- lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race .	2
not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit .	4
it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen .	1
belongs to daniel day-lewis as much as it belongs to martin scorsese ; it 's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film .	4
may not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow .	2
a gripping movie , played with performances that are all understated and touching .	4
candid camera on methamphetamines .	2
samira makhmalbaf 's new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it 's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal	0
-lrb- serry -rrb- wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition .	3
davis ... is so enamored of her own creation that she ca n't see how insufferable the character is .	1
if you 've ever wondered what an ending without the input of studio executives or test audiences would look like , here it is .	2
it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so	1
late marriage 's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep u.s. viewers off their feet .	1
it provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds .	3
how do you spell cliché ?	0
the film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens .	3
it 's like watching a nightmare made flesh .	0
it believes it 's revealing some great human truths , when , in reality , it 's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile .	2
the film 's few ideas are stretched to the point of evaporation ; the whole central section is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency .	0
if this story must be told and retold -- and indeed it must -- then the grey zone is to be lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle .	2
a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking .	2
so devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like xxx and collateral damage seem like thoughtful treatises	0
it ca n't decide if it wants to be a mystery\/thriller , a romance or a comedy .	1
its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ?	1
at its best , queen is campy fun like the vincent price horror classics of the '60s .	3
there are simply too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part sliding doors , part pop video -- and yet failing to exploit them .	1
there 's too much falseness to the second half , and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging .	1
puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with .	3
it 's so good that you can practically see the hollywood ` suits ' trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the all-too - inevitable american remake .	2
velocity represents everything wrong with '' independent film '' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene .	1
there is a fabric of complex ideas here , and feelings that profoundly deepen them .	3
you wonder why enough was n't just a music video rather than a full-length movie .	1
not only is undercover brother as funny , if not more so , than both austin powers films , but it 's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time .	4
for anyone unfamiliar with pentacostal practices in general and theatrical phenomenon of hell houses in particular , it 's an eye-opener .	3
an intriguing cinematic omnibus and round-robin that occasionally is more interesting in concept than in execution .	3
there 's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino 's characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television .	1
the chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between gauls and yanks .	3
nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns .	2
the inhospitability of the land emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time .	2
as a tolerable diversion , the film suffices ; a triumph , however , it is not .	2
yes , dull .	0
i ca n't quite recommend it -- it 's too patched together -- but i almost can ; it 's the kind of movie that makes you want to like it .	2
it 's so mediocre , despite the dynamic duo on the marquee , that we just ca n't get no satisfaction .	1
drops you into a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why .	3
a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney .	4
if it 's seldom boring , well , it 's also rarely coherent .	2
taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes .	0
rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign .	1
hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people .	3
this movie is a snow emergency .	2
and when you 're talking about a slapstick comedy , that 's a pretty big problem .	0
generally , clockstoppers will fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler , while happily killing 94 minutes .	3
stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time .	1
like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything 's in place but something 's just a little off-kilter .	1
altogether , this is successful as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece .	4
an artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre .	4
for the most part , it 's a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions .	4
one long string of cliches .	1
it does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they 're being streamed over a 28k modem .	1
do n't be fooled by the impressive cast list - eye see you is pure junk .	0
it seems like i have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now i ca n't wait for the sequel .	3
the film is powerful , accessible and funny .	4
looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen .	1
brilliantly explores the conflict between following one 's heart and following the demands of tradition .	4
paid in full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from brian de palma 's scarface .	0
this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming .	3
huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair .	3
you do n't have to know about music to appreciate the film 's easygoing blend of comedy and romance .	4
the structure the film takes may find matt damon and ben affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a good will hunting trilogy that was never planned .	3
about a manga-like heroine who fights back at her abusers , it 's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological .	3
allows us to hope that nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker .	3
fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment .	3
entertains by providing good , lively company .	3
an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story .	1
if director michael dowse only superficially understands his characters , he does n't hold them in contempt .	1
due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director 's brother , the film trails off into inconsequentiality .	1
over age 15 ?	2
whaley 's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting .	0
it 's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job .	1
just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever .	3
it 's fun lite .	3
it takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as ` worse than expected , ' but ghost ship somehow manages to do exactly that .	0
filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels .	4
the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh 's three lead actresses .	3
less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins .	1
a delirious celebration of the female orgasm .	2
the film may appear naked in its narrative form ... but it goes deeper than that , to fundamental choices that include the complexity of the catholic doctrine	3
but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ?	2
that 's a cheat .	1
or emptying rat traps .	1
this is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults .	4
-lrb- næs -rrb- directed the stage version of elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage .	4
falls neatly into the category of good stupid fun .	3
delivers the same old same old , tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas .	1
some of their jokes work , but most fail miserably and in the end , pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny .	1
it 's a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force .	4
it 's sweet , harmless , dumb , occasionally funny and about as compelling as a fishing show .	2
this is n't even madonna 's swept away .	1
this is it .	2
macdowell , whose wifty southern charm has anchored lighter affairs ... brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role .	3
atom egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues	4
it haunts you , you ca n't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it .	3
just not campy enough	1
it showcases carvey 's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one 's patience to get to the good stuff .	1
it 's also , clearly , great fun .	4
villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in bibi 's generic angst -lrb- there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows -rrb- .	1
too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped .	0
the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip .	1
suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative .	0
a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama .	4
weaves a spell over you , with its disturbingly close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger .	2
the terrific and bewilderingly underrated campbell scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing .	4
... turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock .	0
what time is it there ?	2
in a way , the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in .	4
people cinema at its finest .	4
a broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that 's pretty toxic in its own right .	1
feature debuter d.j. caruso directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter tony gayton 's narcotics noir to life .	4
may be far from the best of the series , but it 's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation .	3
the messages of compassion and mercy are clearly , squarely and specifically expounded via computer animated old testament tale of jonah and the whale .	2
the plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience 's chain .	0
preaches to two completely different choirs at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment .	4
nelson 's brutally unsentimental approach ... sucks the humanity from the film , leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle .	0
it uses the pain and violence of war as background material for color .	2
light years \/ several warp speeds \/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection .	3
the weight of the piece , the unerring professionalism of the chilly production , and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic prove recommendation enough .	3
characters still need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses , no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license avary employs .	1
so unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines .	0
determined to be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals , the humor did n't quite engage this adult .	1
socrates motions for hemlock .	2
minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report .	3
the end result is a film that 's neither .	1
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity .	0
manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time .	4
sit through this one , and you wo n't need a magic watch to stop time ; your dvd player will do it for you .	1
... brian de palma is utterly mad : cinema mad , set-piece mad , style mad .	2
ah yes , and then there 's the music ...	2
so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie .	3
a rarity among recent iranian films : it 's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist 's plight .	4
good film , but very glum .	3
a valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the nba .	1
it 's slow -- very , very slow .	0
there 's just no currency in deriding james bond for being a clichéd , doddering , misogynistic boy 's club .	2
as vulgar as it is banal .	1
excessive , profane , packed with cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters .	1
not since japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa 's ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur .	4
i sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie does n't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand .	1
detox is ultimately a pointless endeavor .	1
mcconaughey 's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script .	3
the socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides ... -lrb- and -rrb- personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy .	3
there 's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache .	3
nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay .	0
the film is quiet , threatening and unforgettable .	4
byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us , and he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama .	3
the film 's essentially over by the meet-cute .	2
not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions .	0
this is a story of two misfits who do n't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent .	3
a sequence of ridiculous shoot - 'em - up scenes .	1
there 's something auspicious , and daring , too , about the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like steven spielberg to follow a.i. with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority .	3
the intent is almost exactly the same -lrb- as the full monty -rrb- .	2
part three stooges .	2
it has the charm of the original american road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker 's motherland .	3
even in its most tedious scenes , russian ark is mesmerizing .	3
a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes .	1
my wife is an actress is an utterly charming french comedy that feels so american in sensibility and style it 's virtually its own hollywood remake .	4
columns from ladies home journal ...	2
at all .	2
directed in a paint-by-numbers manner .	1
the quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy .	3
a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda .	3
a marvel like none you 've seen .	3
jaglom ... put -lrb- s -rrb- the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters	3
far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features nickelodeon has made from its other animated tv series .	4
it has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience .	3
although huppert 's intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it , the piano teacher is anything but fun .	1
instead , he shows them the respect they are due .	4
made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss .	1
it 's like every bad idea that 's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs ' slickness and sophistication -lrb- and who knew they even had any ? -rrb- .	0
the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess 's home video of their baby 's birth .	0
i can take infantile humor ... but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer 's diapers .	1
no aspirations to social import inform the movie version .	1
nothing more substantial than a fitfully clever doodle .	2
instead of hiding pinocchio from critics , miramax should have hidden it from everyone .	0
not nearly long enough .	2
it 's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie .	1
among the year 's most intriguing explorations of alientation .	4
skins has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grains of salt .	2
i 'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film .	1
verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies .	1
not really bad so much as distasteful : we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers .	1
not since tom cruise in risky business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear .	3
and just when you think it ca n't get any more gay , in pops nathan lane .	2
ramsay , as in ratcatcher , remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid .	3
... plays like somebody spliced random moments of a chris rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller .	1
i got a headache watching this meaningless downer .	0
funny but perilously slight .	3
it 's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions .	0
not far beneath the surface , this reconfigured tale asks disturbing questions about those things we expect from military epics .	3
star trek : nemesis meekly goes where nearly every star trek movie has gone before .	2
it 's clear the filmmakers were n't sure where they wanted their story to go , and even more clear that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination .	1
this film seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities .	1
the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately do n't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays .	1
a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality .	4
i thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as i slogged my way through clockstoppers .	1
the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant .	1
not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and daniel radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as harry , but the film conjures the magic of author j.k. rowling 's books .	4
green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project .	0
a rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love .	3
which is n't to say that it 's the equal of some of its predecessors .	2
while undisputed is n't exactly a high , it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes mr. hill higher than he 's been in a while .	3
burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast .	1
slick piece of cross-promotion .	3
director uwe boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback .	1
there has always been something likable about the marquis de sade .	3
uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict , adolescent yearning , the roots of friendship and sexual identity .	4
... mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero . '	3
the film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when carvey 's saturday night live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment .	1
what better message than ` love thyself ' could young women of any size receive ?	3
there is very little dread or apprehension , and though i like the creepy ideas , they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill .	1
the sort of film that makes me miss hitchcock , but also feel optimistic that there 's hope for popular cinema yet .	3
pumpkin means to be an outrageous dark satire on fraternity life , but its ambitions far exceed the abilities of writer adam larson broder and his co-director , tony r. abrams , in their feature debut .	1
a very well-made , funny and entertaining picture .	4
it 's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel .	0
once the 50 year old benigni appears as the title character , we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back .	1
attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience .	1
just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time .	2
`` the ring '' is pretty much an english-language copy of the film that inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws .	2
visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking bore , the true creativity would have been to hide treasure planet entirely and completely reimagine it .	1
it 's a beautiful madness .	3
pumpkin wants to have it both ways .	2
the last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the same teenage american road-trip drek we 've seen before - only this time you have to read the fart jokes	1
for close to two hours the audience is forced to endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one .	1
no way i can believe this load of junk .	0
a compelling spanish film about the withering effects of jealousy in the life of a young monarch whose sexual passion for her husband becomes an obsession .	3
harris commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness .	3
i 've always dreamed of attending cannes , but after seeing this film , it 's not that big a deal .	1
even horror fans will most likely not find what they 're seeking with trouble every day ; the movie lacks both thrills and humor .	0
nicks , seemingly uncertain what 's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy .	1
for the most part , director anne-sophie birot 's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama .	4
fancy a real downer ?	1
it 's a lovely film with lovely performances by buy and accorsi .	3
of course , by more objective measurements it 's still quite bad .	1
it 's just filler .	1
one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year .	0
i do n't think i laughed out loud once .	0
further proof that the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of dubya 's axis of evil .	3
travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment .	3
the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide .	1
the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him .	1
there 's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of birthday girl .	3
the film 's performances are thrilling .	4
liotta put on 30 pounds for the role , and has completely transformed himself from his smooth , goodfellas image .	3
this is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever , but it 's certainly not a champion - the big loser is the audience .	0
inside the film 's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it 's not that , it 's the tension that keeps you in your seat .	3
a cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of -lrb- besson 's -rrb- earlier work .	2
-lrb- lawrence bounces -rrb- all over the stage , dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place .	3
the experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not .	0
bleakly funny , its characters all the more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves .	3
morton uses her face and her body language to bring us morvern 's soul , even though the character is almost completely deadpan .	3
indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie .	1
do not see this film .	1
the whole is quite entertaining , but despite its virtues , there is an unsettled feeling to the film .	2
it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot .	4
one of the most significant moviegoing pleasures of the year .	4
let 's hope -- shall we ?	2
i just loved every minute of this film .	4
like the chelsea 's denizens ... burdette 's collage-form scenario tends to over-romanticize the spiritual desolation of the struggling artiste .	2
a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama .	3
lapaglia 's ability to convey grief and hope works with weaver 's sensitive reactions to make this a two-actor master class .	3
as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming .	4
chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer .	2
if you believe any of this , i can make you a real deal on leftover enron stock that will double in value a week from friday .	1
a muckraking job , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that .	2
forgettable horror -- more gory than psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of friday-night excitement and milla power .	2
perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie .	1
like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all .	2
a cartoon that 's truly cinematic in scope , and a story that 's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big , four-legged herbivore .	3
you really have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they 'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this .	0
zhang ... has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast .	3
sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .	3
seldahl 's barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness .	3
if you 're hard up for raunchy college humor , this is your ticket right here .	3
is this love or is it masochism ?	2
stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond 's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , ` tis .	4
as the latest bid in the tv-to-movie franchise game , i spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor .	1
against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine .	3
that 's pure pr hype .	1
given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing soderbergh has ever done .	0
it 's an offbeat treat that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part .	3
the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it seems better , not just bigger .	3
it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes .	0
it treats women like idiots .	0
there 's a solid woman - finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you 'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it .	2
kept aloft largely by a comically adept ensemble .	2
i felt sad for lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier , by rohmer , for example .	2
for the most part stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .	3
half submarine flick , half ghost story , all in one criminally neglected film	2
audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she 's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amélie .	3
it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment .	1
a smart , witty follow-up .	4
add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney 's a good director .	4
wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty .	0
trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son .	3
an absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss .	1
this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms .	1
it is amusing , and that 's all it needs to be .	4
big fat waste of time .	0
a difficult , absorbing film that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than are far more pointed and clear .	3
there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness .	4
this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .	0
the humor is n't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original .	0
it 's refreshing to see a girl-power movie that does n't feel it has to prove anything .	4
i have no way of knowing exactly how much is exaggeration , but i 've got a creepy feeling that the film is closer to the mark than i want to believe .	2
if the movie succeeds in instilling a wary sense of ` there but for the grace of god , ' it is far too self-conscious to draw you deeply into its world .	1
nonsensical , dull `` cyber-horror '' flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting .	0
you will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report .	3
though catch me if you can is n't badly made , the fun slowly leaks out of the movie .	2
this piece of channel 5 grade trash is , quite frankly , an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast .	0
slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschooler 's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $ 40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead ?	0
although german cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world 's best cuisine , mostly martha could make deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists .	3
the story and structure are well-honed .	3
a morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other .	2
it 's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there 's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong .	2
this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get .	4
the best revenge may just be living well because this film , unlike other dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence .	3
it 's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic .	1
it kinda works and qualifies as cool at times , but is just too lame to work or be cool at others .	2
new best friend 's playboy-mansion presentation of college life is laugh-out-loud ludicrous .	2
it does n't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor ... it 's just plain bored .	0
mr. tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and what time is it there ?	4
the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and did n't reserve enough for his second .	1
the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ai n't pretty .	0
it 's a scathing portrayal .	2
it is the sheer , selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of leon 's struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion , despite its patchy construction .	2
almost gags on its own gore .	0
my reaction in a word : disappointment .	0
dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled .	0
charles ' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld 's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams ' attempts to get his shot at the big time .	3
-lrb- chaiken 's -rrb- talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively , convincing dialogue she creates for her characters .	3
oh come on .	1
more whiny downer than corruscating commentary .	1
what distinguishes time of favor from countless other thrillers is its underlying concern with the consequences of words and with the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acts .	3
to say this was done better in wilder 's some like it hot is like saying the sun rises in the east .	1
true tale of courage -- and complicity -- at auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable .	3
the plot combines the blues brothers and almost famous -lrb- but with bears , and a g rating -rrb- , with an excruciating dollop of disney sentimentality mixed in for good measure .	2
mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the way .	2
without ever becoming didactic , director carlos carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality .	3
what 's surprising about full frontal is that despite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you .	3
but the power of these -lrb- subjects -rrb- is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film 's narrative .	0
manages to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer .	4
escaping the studio , piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie .	3
if this disposable tissue has one wild card , it 's john turturro , who 's simply fab as a spanish butler with a foot fetish .	2
corpus collosum -- while undeniably interesting -- wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in .	1
a sober and affecting chronicle of the leveling effect of loss .	2
a painfully funny ode to bad behavior .	3
essentially an exceptionally well-written , well-edited , well-directed , well-acted , bald rip-off of aliens .	2
the overall effect is less like a children 's movie than a recruitment film for future hollywood sellouts .	1
instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it 's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life .	3
but this films lacks the passion required to sell the material .	1
no telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie .	1
an exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir , minority report twists the best of technology around a gripping story , delivering a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order	4
you wo n't miss its messages , but you 'll be entertained as well .	2
lan yu is at times too restrained , yet there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most american love stories look downright unfree .	2
an effectively creepy , fear-inducing -lrb- not fear-reducing -rrb- film from japanese director hideo nakata , who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it .	4
even film silliness needs a little gravity , beyond good hair and humping .	2
nothing is sacred in this gut-buster .	1
a misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment .	0
worth watching for dong jie 's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change .	3
aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better .	3
this one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics .	0
it has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness .	2
suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters , this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since it 's been packaged and sold back to us by hollywood .	0
there is n't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients .	1
but what are adults doing in the theater at all ?	1
in the end , the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director joe carnahan .	0
writer-director 's mehta 's effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres .	4
majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places .	3
utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , roberto benigni 's pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film .	1
it 's a feature-length adaptation of one of those `` can this marriage be saved ? ''	2
... an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly should n't hurt talented young gaghan 's resume .	3
smart , provocative and blisteringly funny .	3
an appealingly juvenile trifle that delivers its share of laughs and smiles .	2
good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back !	3
but it 's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle .	0
the movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate\/surf culture , the l.a. beach scene and the imaginative -lrb- and sometimes illegal -rrb- ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults .	4
ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine .	0
historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit .	2
a lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j.m. barrie 's peter pan .	0
not since freddy got fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through .	0
every nanosecond of the the new guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable .	1
although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches , the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women .	3
expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery .	0
movie fans , get ready to take off ... the other direction .	1
at its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .	0
the primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants .	3
in execution , this clever idea is far less funny than the original , killers from space .	1
the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater .	0
if the count of monte cristo does n't transform caviezel into a movie star , then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago .	2
bad .	1
director andrew niccol ... demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame .	3
the problem with this film is that it lacks focus .	1
the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production 's austere locales .	4
viewers of `` the ring '' are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes .	2
christina ricci comedy about sympathy , hypocrisy and love is a misfire .	2
turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting .	3
there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer .	0
when leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .	1
this movie is maddening .	1
feels haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot .	0
dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away .	0
vera 's three actors -- mollà , gil and bardem -- excel in insightful , empathetic performances .	4
it moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it does n't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the cold war datedness -- of its premise .	3
despite all evidence to the contrary , this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on tv and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults .	1
all that 's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight .	1
smith is careful not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities .	2
even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting .	1
holden caulfield did it better .	1
the inspirational screenplay by mike rich covers a lot of ground , perhaps too much , but ties things together , neatly , by the end .	3
the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-hollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance .	3
the twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists are getting irritating , and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows .	2
broomfield turns his distinctive ` blundering ' style into something that could really help clear up the case .	3
the tale of tok -lrb- andy lau -rrb- , a sleek sociopath on the trail of o -lrb- takashi sorimachi -rrb- , the most legendary of asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold .	1
the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves .	0
this illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the holy land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath .	3
like being trapped at a perpetual frat party ... how can something so gross be so boring ?	0
involves two mysteries -- one it gives away and the other featuring such badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters .	0
it 's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up .	1
the movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that 's all too rare in hollywood 's hastier productions .	4
pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins .	1
this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world .	4
though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn , neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining .	1
huppert 's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face .	2
this remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise : al pacino loathing robin williams .	2
van wilder brings a whole new meaning to the phrase ` comedy gag . '	2
the entire movie is about a boring , sad man being boring and sad .	1
generally provides its target audience of youngsters enough stimulating eye and ear candy to make its moral medicine go down .	2
the actors are appealing , but elysian fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental .	2
chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum .	1
at a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons , it 's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form 's history .	4
... a good , if not entirely fresh , look at war .	2
the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .	4
a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow .	3
it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought .	2
some of it is clever , but it is never melodic \/	2
sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out .	1
whereas last year 's exemplary sexy beast seemed to revitalize the british gangster movie , this equally brutal outing merely sustains it .	2
if the first men in black was money , the second is small change .	0
the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom .	1
we have n't seen such hilarity since say it is n't so !	4
montias ... pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters .	4
a disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the bard , particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers .	1
as the two leads , lathan and diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers .	4
very bad .	0
richard gere and diane lane put in fine performances as does french actor oliver martinez .	3
even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller 's hand often feels unsure .	1
is the time really ripe for a warmed-over james bond adventure , with a village idiot as the 007 clone ?	1
two hours fly by -- opera 's a pleasure when you do n't have to endure intermissions -- and even a novice to the form comes away exhilarated .	4
hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole ' miss in the way of story .	1
irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films , but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater .	1
a breezy romantic comedy that has the punch of a good sitcom , while offering exceptionally well-detailed characters .	4
for movie lovers as well as opera lovers , tosca is a real treat .	4
a subtle and well-crafted -lrb- for the most part -rrb- chiller .	3
it 's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellor that makes this `` two weddings and a funeral '' fun .	4
serving sara does n't serve up a whole lot of laughs .	1
one from the heart .	3
it all adds up to good fun .	3
plays like a volatile and overlong w magazine fashion spread .	1
the movie , directed by mick jackson , leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting .	1
without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace .	2
although jackson is doubtless reserving the darkest hours for the return of the king , we long for a greater sense of urgency in the here and now of the two towers .	2
too often , the viewer is n't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .	0
dilbert without the right-on satiric humor .	2
it 's another video movie photographed like a film , with the bad lighting that 's often written off as indie film naturalism .	1
they should have called it gutterball .	1
it 's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here 's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role .	0
a taut psychological thriller that does n't waste a moment of its two-hour running time .	3
